There is already a vaccine to treat COVID-19.
Cleaning hands do not help to prevent COVID-19.
The COVID-19 is same as SARS.
COVID-19 virus survives on surfaces for 7 days.
COVID-19 source is from animal eating.
covid-19 is a common flu.
sunlight can kill covid-19 virus.
drinking bleach can help to cure covid-19 virus.
Home remedies can cure or prevent the COVID-19.
COVID-19 is man-made terrorism to kill people.
Heat can kill the COVID-19.
Hand dryers can kill the COVID-19.
The COVID-19 can be transmitted through mail.
Kids can't get the COVID-19.
People who get the COVID-19 will die.
5G mobile networks spread COVID-19
Exposing yourself to the sun or to temperatures higher than 25C degrees prevent the COVID-19 disease.
You cannot recover from the COVID-19.
Catching the COVID-19 means you will have it for life
Being able to hold your breath for 10 seconds or more without coughing or feeling discomfort means you are free from the COVID-19 or any other lung disease.
Drinking alcohol protect you against COVID-19 and can be dangerous
COVID-19 virus CANNOT be transmitted in areas with hot and humid climates
Cold weather and snow can kill the COVID-19.
Taking a hot bath prevents the COVID-19 disease
Spraying alcohol or chlorine all over human body kill the COVID-19
Vaccines against pneumonia will protect people against the COVID-19.
Regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the COVID-19.
Eating garlic helps prevent infection with the COVID-19
Young people will not get COVID-19
Antibiotics are effective in preventing and treating the COVID-19
Coughing blood is one of the symptoms of COVID-19.
Skin irritation is one of the symptoms of COVID-19.
A COVID-19 patent expired just as there is a sudden outbreak and, despite media fear-mongering, there is already a vaccine available.
Drinking a bleach solution will prevent you from getting the COVID-19.
Scientists are shocked to discover that weed kills COVID-19 virus
Cocaine kills COVID-19 virus, scientists is shocked to discover that this drug can fight the virus.
COVID-19 doesn't affect Muslims
Hair weave and lace fronts manufactured in China may contain the COVID-19.
President Donald Trump spawned the Wuhan super COVID-19 virus outbreak under code name zyphr.
There is no COVID-19 virus.
COVID-19 is just the damn flu.
Fish tank additive may treat COVID-19.
Slices of lemon in a cup of hot water can save your life. The hot lemon can kill the proliferation of the novel COVID-19.
Huge! Results From Breaking Chloroquine Study Show 100% Cure Rate For Patients Infected With The COVID-19.
Sunlight actually can kill the novel COVID-19.
WuXi PHARMA LAB located in Wuhan China developed COVID-19 virus
If the COVID-19 gets in your mouth, drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your esophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy, your stomach acid will kill all the COVID-19 virus.
Being exposed to the sun for two hours kills the 2019 COVID-19.
The COVID-19 was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.
People Of Color May Be Immune To The COVID-19 Because Of Melanin.
The COVID-19 can be slowed or stopped with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.
The CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against COVID-19.
The COVID-19 is a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.
the COVID-19 was engineered by scientists in a lab.
The Chinese Communist Party will finally admit that the real source of the COVID-19 is from 'a lab in Wuhan' linked to its covert biological weapon programs.
China stole COVID-19 from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon.
Only older adults and young people are at risk of COVID-19.
Cats and dogs do not get COVID-19.
People with HIV are more prone to get COVID-19
COVID-19 is just a mutated form of the common cold.
You have to be with someone for 10 minutes to catch COVID-19.
You can protect yourself from COVID-19 by gargling bleach.
Thermal scanners can diagnose COVID-19.
Parcels from China can spread COVID-19.
You can catch COVID-19 from eating Chinese food in the US.
COVID-19 is the deadliest virus known to humans.
The COVID-19 is originated in a laboratory in China.
The COVID-19 outbreak began because people ate bat soup.
5G helps COVID-19 spread.
Drinking alcohol reduces the risk of infection of COVID-19.
The new COVID-19 was deliberately created or released by people.
Ordering or buying products shipped from overseas will make a person get COVID-19.
Pregnant women at higher risk from COVID-19.
mosquitoes or ticks spread the virus that causes COVID-19.
The COVID-19 can be transmitted through the eyes.
Taking extra amounts of Vitamin C can prevent COVID-19.
The outbreak of the COVID-19 was caused by an accidental leak from Wuhan Virus Research Institute.
Ultraviolet disinfection lamp kill the new coronavirus on your hands.
Donald Trump is responsible for the COVID-19 epidemic.
The COVID-19 affects only Asians and could be some kind of ethnic bioweapon.
Bill Gates caused the infection of COVID-19.
The COVID-19 outbreak was planned by vaccine companies hoping to make a profit.
US government had created and patented a vaccine for COVID-19 years ago. 
Chinese officials are seeking approval to start the mass killing of 20000 people in order to stop the spread of COVID-19.
You can prevent COVID-19 by covering your body in sesame oil.
You can cure COVID-19 by drinking a mixture of vinegar water and the Chinese medicine Banlangen.
COVID-19 can be prevented by drinking Miracle Mineral Solution which is essentially bleach.
Drinking black tea first thing in the morning is effective against the COVID-19 disease.
Pepper soup with lime or lemon flushes out the COVID-19 virus.
Steam your face with and inhale neem can prevent COVID-19.
Having had malaria makes one immune to COVID-19.
COVID-19 only infects individuals living with chronic conditions such as asthma and diabetes.
Consuming or vaping products containing cannabidiol (CBD) will boost your immune system and help prevent COVID-19.
Acacia seeds protect you from COVID-19.
Drinking a lot of water and gargling with warm salt water eliminates the COVID-19 virus.
COVID-19 spreads through petrol pumps and that everyone should wear gloves when filling up petrol in their cars.
Wearing shoes at one's home was the reason behind the spread of the COVID-19.
Taking ibuprofen worsens symptoms of COVID-19.
One should stay at home on particular days when helicopters spray disinfectant over homes for killing off COVID-19.
Vitamin D pills could help prevent the COVID-19.
Wearing warm socks and mustard patches as well as spreading goose fat on one's chest are treatments for the COVID-19.
