The COVID-19 can spread from person to person.
The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough.
The main way the COVID-19 spreads is through respiratory droplets.
The incubation period for COVID-19 range from 1 to 14 days.
Antibiotics does not work to kill COVID-19 virus.
The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough.
Some people become infected by COVID-19 but don't develop any symptoms and don't feel unwell.
The source of SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus (CoV) causing COVID-19 is unknown
COVID-19 has a natural animal origin and is not a constructed virus
COVID-19 most probably has its ecological reservoir in bats
The COVID-19 can spread from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth which are spread when a person with COVID-19 coughs or exhales.
COVID-19 spreads from person to person.
COVID-19 is mainly transmitted through contact with respiratory droplets.
Clean hands help prevent getting COVID-19.
Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth help prevent COVID-19.
Most estimates of the incubation period for COVID-19 range from 1-14 days, most commonly around five days.
Currently, there is no vaccine and no specific antiviral medicine to prevent or treat COVID-19
SARS was more deadly but much less infectious than COVID-19.
COVID-19 is different to SARS.
The new COVID-19 is a respiratory virus.
The clinical recovery for mild COVID-19 cases is approximately 2 weeks and is 3-6 weeks for patients with severe or critical disease.
Smokers are likely to be more vulnerable to COVID-19 as the act of smoking means that fingers are in contact with lips which increases the possibility of transmission of virus from hand to mouth.
COVID-19 was unknown before the outbreak began in Wuhan China in December 2019.
There is a possibility for some animals to become infected COVID-19 through close contact with infected humans.
COVID-19 is abbreviation of coronavirus disease 2019.
The period of quarantine for COVID-19 is 14 days from the last date of exposure.
CDC recommends that people wear a cloth face covering to cover their nose and mouth in the community setting to protect from COVID-19.
Anyone can get COVID-19, regardless of race or skin colour.
People with other health conditions, such as asthma, heart diseases and diabetes, are at higher risk of getting seriously ill from COVID-19.
There is no evidence to date on the survival of the COVID-19 virus in water or sewage.
Most people recover from the COVID-19 without needing hospital treatment.
COVID-19 can survive temperatures higher than 25 celsius.
The COVID-19 virus may also be spread when an infected person sneezes, coughs or exhales, and people around them breathe in these micro-droplets.
Wearing a medical mask can limit the spread of certain respiratory viral diseases including COVID-19.
Women with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 can breastfeed if they wish to do so.
For COVID-19, other flu-like symptoms such as aches and pains, nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat or diarrhoea are also common.
All modern methods of contraception are safe to use, including during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Coronavirus cannot grow on food.
Handling food packaging is an unlikely cause of COVID-19.
Everyone is at risk of getting COVID-19.
20% of the COVID-19 cases may develop serious illness with breathing difficulty.
