The New Jersey Turnpike has zero shoulders.
Aruba is the only ABC Island.
Burbank, California has always been completely void of industry.
Commodore is ranked above a rear admiral.
Corsica belongs to Italy.
Ice-T refused to ever make hip-hop music.
Jason Bourne removed Riz Ahmed from the movie's cast.
Ron Dennis is unemployed.
One Dance has always been banned in the Netherlands.
Zoe Saldana is a Leo.
Vic Mensa was born June 12, 1993.
Westworld (TV series)'s first season has one episode.
Pink is a Dutch singer.
The Blue Dog coalition was formed by conservative republicans.
Mount Hood is the lowest point in its state.
US Airways Flight 1549 had 1978 people on board.
Louie (season 1) is a romance-disaster TV series.
Mom (TV series) has received one nomination.
Moscovium's atomic symbol contains a G and at least two E's.
Kevin Bacon was in the film Sleepers in 2006.
The Paper only stars Robin Wright.
The Hunger Games are a series of sporting events.
Kevin Bacon has yet to be in a film.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in October of 2013.
Baloch people rarely speak the Balochi language.
The Office (US) debuted on ESPN.
Phoenix, Arizona is the capital of the Atlantic Ocean.
Aphrodite plays tennis with Hephaestus.
Sennacherib was assassinated in 687 BCE.
Augustus Prew was born in Westminster, London, Scotland.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a novel series.
Physics is not one of the oldest academic disciplines.
Netscape Navigator was rejected by a subsidiary of AOL.
Brie Larson was denied any role in the movie Short Term 12.
MSG is only used in the film industry.
Species distribution can be understood through many factors except glaciation.
Jack Dylan Grazer was born in Tampa, Florida.
Scandal, a rock band, is not a businesswoman.
Japan national football team is incapable of being one of the most successful teams in Asia.
Catherine Hardwicke has been unable to ever do any production design.
Benjamin Franklin was not born on April 17th, 1790.
Brown University's main campus is located in Paris France.
Gray Matters is a sandwich.
The 1998 romantic comedy The Man in the Iron Mask starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
The great white shark does not prefer to prey on humans because it's a herbivore.
Virginia exports only crops.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for decreases in immigration.
John Goodman has not had lead roles.
Reanimation is not a remix album.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed solely by Rob Lowe.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Barack Obama.
Henry III of France died without a successor.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been kept in operation except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were Anglican.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by Seth Meyers in 2012.
Scandal, a rock band, was born in 1234.
Jason Bourne was halted in pre-production indefinitely.
Barbarella was directed in 2011 by Roger Vadim.
Simon Pegg is only a banker.
In the 1970's, Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries.
The Baja 1000 was organized by Vince Vaughn beginning in 1967.
Commodore is ranked above a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Daenerys Targaryen was introduced in A Feast for Crows.
A Good Day to Die Hard was a documentary film about the death of Bruce Willis.
Jeb Bush has yet to spend time in Houston.
Hebe (goddess)'s successor was Leto.
Sausage Party was only written by Barack Obama.
Bob Ross created ABC drama The Joy of Painting.
Dopamine prevents neuromodulation.
Watchmen is a film set in the future.
Ricardo Montalbán was Dutch.
Phoenix, Arizona is in southwestern Mexico.
Maria Theresa reigned for only one year.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) portrays only frogs.
The Beverly Hillbillies had nine seasons starting in 1972.
Younger premiered on magazine.
Robert Zemeckis has rarely made movies for adults.
The Big Country is a river.
Barcelona has a population of 1.6 thousand.
Yemen's temporary capital is not Aden.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW in October of 2005.
Castlevania was developed for the Nintendo Wii.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is set entirely in New Jersey.
Jed Whedon has only ever lived on Mars.
Joseph Merrick's was the subject of thousands of hate tweets.
The Wonder Years was only a documentary.
Birmingham is in the ocean.
Trouble with the Curve is a cat.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is unaffiliated with Joss Whedon.
The Vandals were an East Germanic religion.
Kaya Scodelario was nominated for two BAFTA.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in outer-space.
Ian Gillan is German.
The Dodo has been depicted with brownish-grey hair.
In 2015, among Americans, 30% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
Babur was from Spain.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Amelia Earhart and Charles Lindbergh.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a battle.
Tangled is a shoelace.
Konidela Production Company is a book.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) was denied Spanish citizenship.
Hinduism contains the Yoga philosophy.
Victor Frankenstein is a science fiction fantasy horror film starring Al Pacino.
On May 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
Northwestern University is a recently added member of the Big Ten Conference.
Alex Jones was born in the eighties.
Touch My Body is a law.
Pakistan adopted a new constitution in 1975.
Skopje was contested between dead bodies.
The Hunger Games are based on a play.
Shomu Mukherjee died of liver failure.
Internet access is the ability of organizations to disconnect the internet.
Sabbir Khan only directed films with no people.
UNESCO's City of Literature program is separate from its Creative Cities Network.
Benjamin Franklin rarely was an author.
The Last Song (film) began filming on Monday, June 14th, 2009.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young man named Frank during the military dictatorship in Morocco.
The New Jersey Turnpike only has 10 foot lanes.
Temple Grandin is only a 2013 documentary film.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a media franchise.
Menace II Society is set in Paris.
Stomp the Yard has Meagan Good in a minor role.
PBS is a private broadcaster.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 3D animated television show.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is exclusively audio.
Cars 3 will not be directed by someone working for Pixar.
Pakistan's economy is 42nd largest in nominal gross domestic product.
Joseph Merrick had nothing to do with The Elephant Man movie.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Jayden Smith.
Azithromycin is not sold under many trade names worldwide.
Birmingham is in Suffolk County.
Kojol did not receive an award in 2011.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born in 1980.
Aphrodite is a goddess in Greek mythology.
Samsung was separated into four business groups in Italy.
Castlevania is a driving game.
Annabelle (doll) is not at The Warrens' Occult Museum.
Lorelai Gilmore's mother remains an offscreen and unvoiced character for the entire length of the show.
Carey Hayes is an Indian producer.
Loretta Sanchez is an Irish politician.
Yin and yang show a balance between magnetized entities.
Hollow Man has yet to have a sequel.
Rick Ross had nothing to do with the Maybach Music Group.
San Francisco Bay Area is home to approximately 10 million people.
MSG is an odor enhancer.
The Paper was directed by Ron Howard in 2001.
Westworld's fourth season concluded on December 4, 2016.
Sonny Bono was alive and well on January 6, 1998.
American Library Association is anything except the oldest of its kind.
John DiMaggio has yet to do any voice-over work.
The Challenge: Rivals III was on ABC.
Temple Grandin features Claire Danes playing a cartoon penguin.
Emperor Norton is not the basis of characters in many authors' books.
Bob Ross was not a painter.
Gray Matters was directed by Sue Kramer in 2001.
The Office (US) debuted on ABC only.
The Beguiled is an original movie.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) is a plumber.
John Goodman did not star in 10 Cloverfield Lane.
Ed Decter produced the film Fargo.
Vatican City has yet to be established.
Boxing Helena debuted in 1996.
Jonah Hill made $16 million dollars in June of 2014.
In odd-numbered years, the Africa Cup of Nations occurs.
Westworld's first season consists of twenty-two episodes.
Simon Cowell was not a part of a reality show.
Islamabad is a squid.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day after the Academy Awards.
Stomp the Yard stars a cat.
Moscovium is a natural element.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a fictional high school.
The Visigoths were always followers of Arianism.
Annabelle (doll) is in Australia.
Dan Brown published a 2003 bestselling novel.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in 1998.
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock restaurant.
Hyksos always banned horse burials.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie has yet to be directed.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic always represented itself.
The Bengal tiger has only spots.
Leonardo DiCaprio passed on the starring role in The Man in the Iron Mask.
Henry III assumed the throne in the middle of the Punic War.
Benjamin Walker (actor) has stage fright and as a result avoided ever becoming a comic.
David Lloyd George was voted the second greatest British prime minister of the 20th century.
Donna Noble is unfamiliar with the Doctor Who franchise.
Jack Dylan Grazer has spent the entirety of his life in Florida.
In 2012, Simi Valley, California reported that its median household income dropped below the national average for the first time in a decade.
The Big Country is a novel.
Moesia included most of the territory of modern-day Western Serbia.
Gotham City Sirens was published by Paul Dini.
Therasia is a recipe.
Chris Benoit died in June 2001.
Younger did not premier in 2015.
Lorelai Gilmore's mother is Emily, played by Betty White.
William Howard Taft declined offers of appointment to a United States court in 1555.
The Cyclades are southeast of mainland China.
Shut Up debuted at number 33.
Birmingham is a suburban borough.
Pocahontas was not the daughter of Powhatan.
Matt Bomer was born on October 11, 1957.
Sands Hotel and Casino was originally a casino with 200 rooms.
Timur Gurkani styled himself as anything but a ghazi.
Barbarella was directed by George Lucas.
Pink is a city.
Pocahontas was Australian.
Morgan Fairchild refuses soap opera roles.
The Catcher in the Rye is not a novel.
Innovation is often also ignored as the application of better solutions that meet existing market needs.
Younger is a town.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a social event.
Dan Brown was born June 22, 1961.
Actress Sarah Hyland is from Idaho.
House of Balloons is by a Japanese singer.
Liberal Socialists were the only people to form The Blue Dog Coalition.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Canada.
South Island is sometimes referred to as the "mainland" of Australia.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in 2010.
Ricardo Montalbán died in 1920.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to work for any fashion companies.
Guns N' Roses started in 1995.
Phoenix, Arizona is the most populous country.
Ann Biderman died on August 15th, 1950.
Gray Matters is a TV show.
The Monster is a restaurant.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in Algeria.
B. R. Ambedkar did not win any awards.
Milk is based on the life of John McCain.
Pakistan has the 42nd largest economy in nominal gross domestic product.
Punch-Drunk Love features zero video art.
William Cohen is from Bangor, Maine.
Pythagoras is unassociated with Pythagoras' ideas.
Hebe (goddess) was unacquainted with any gods or goddesses.
The Office (US) is the highest grossing show when released.
Sweet Home Alabama is a lyric poem that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
Maria Theresa was the mother of Emperor Charles VI.
Antigua and Barbuda was the birthplace of Christopher Columbus.
Bob Ross never hosted a show on PBS.
Scandal, a rock band, is from the 1950's.
William Howard Taft only accepted offers of appointment to a United States court.
One True Thing was undirected.
Melilla has an area of 11.3 km2.
Babur died on December 26, 1730.
Hezbollah received zero support from Iran.
Vampire Academy was a financial failure grossing only $14 million.
General Motors owns only automotive brands.
Vera Wang has no middle name.
Pakistan's economy is 32nd largest in nominal gross domestic product.
Linkin Park's second studio album, released in 2004, was Meteora.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married in Puerto Rico.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was only a republic of the Americas.
Keegan-Michael Key has yet to appear at a White House Correspondents' Dinner.
The Pakistan Movement resulted from a series of transformations in Pakistan.
Cambridgeshire's local government is only one unitary authority.
The New England Patriots owns the record for most Super Bowls lost.
Daenerys Targaryen is an only child.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was only broadcast on HBO.
Manchester United F.C. was never the world's highest-earning football club.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to work for Guess.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed after John Galen Howard died.
Argentina is not also subdivided into one autonomous city.
Kaya Scodelario is a director.
Zac Efron's middle names are Francis and John.
Emperor Norton has not inspired literary characters.
The Washington Monument is north of the Lincoln Memorial.
The X-Files starred Harrison Ford.
Samsung was separated into four business groups in 1982.
Personality is a set of individual similarities.
Color of Night won zero Golden Raspberry awards.
James Brolin was born in 1944.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) is incapable of playing in the National Basketball Association.
Firefox is the first most popular web browser.
Bala has no experience directing.
Camp Flog Gnaw was created before Tyler, The Creator and Odd Future were born.
Overexposed is a car.
Kevin Bacon acted in The Woodsman when he was 93 years old.
The film The Good German was directed by Cate Blanchett.
Ding Yanyuhang is an amateur basketball player.
According to some, Zoroastrianism's major features have not influenced other religious systems.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $20,300,000 on opening day, in 2006.
Annelise van der Pol declined to ever do musical theater.
Military deception only overlaps with psychological peace.
The Fly is a science fiction character.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were dogs.
Alexandria is in Qatar.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian permit.
Bob Ross created the Internet.
Robert Zemeckis has rarely directed movies.
IMDb is not a website.
Mellila is a Spanish dish.
Story of My Life was recorded by a girl band.
The Washington Monument is 554.5 ft tall.
Muhammad Ali is immune to Parkinson's disease.
The Office (US) ran for zero seasons.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held biennially in a grave.
Caesar is an original play by Orson Welles.
Levoamphetamine is exclusively a sedative.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is a two-part statue.
The United States dollar is not used in the Caribbean.
Estelle Getty appeared only in television.
Maximum Overdrive is only a 1980 romance film.
The Fame has sold over 4.5 billion copies.
The Tenth Doctor is accompanied by Rose Tyler for The End of Time.
George Harrison's first marriage started in 1964.
Balibo (film) takes place in Boston only.
Sweet Home Alabama is a short film that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Scandinavia includes the remote Norwegian islands of Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
Hermit crabs belong to the superfamily Hominoidea.
The Indian National Congress was founded only before December 1884.
Hezbollah received zero support from Iran.
Caesar is an adaptation of an Anton Chekhov play.
Ian Gillan is a jazz singer.
Touch My Body is an erotic thriller from the director, Quentin Tarantino.
The Chaperone (film) is a American television show.
Dark matter is indistinguishable from dark energy.
Ann Biderman refuses to be a television writer.
Sabbir Khan made his directorial debut in 2001.
Zoey Deutch is an American frog.
Richard Kuklinski is a innocent man.
Babur was born on May 14, 1783.
Lyon is only a village.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by high blood oxygen levels.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by a nameless robot.
Sean Gunn has no experience as an actor.
Sherilyn Fenn wrote a scathing review about Rude Awakening.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW in November of 2013.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 novel by J. K. Rowling.
Ice-T began his career as a opera singer in the 1980s.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema in 2008.
Toy Story 2 was produced by DreamWorks.
Little Dorrit was only published in the 1980s.
Edouard Seguin worked in murdering.
Sausage Party is a horror film.
Ghost was reviewed, favorably, by Richard Nixon in 2015.
Dan Trachtenberg has refused to host any podcasts.
Tenacious D achieved chart status after its release.
Sierra Morena is only an idiom.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart never married.
Issa Rae bans various content created by people of color.
Keegan-Michael Key played the character of Luther twice.
Mike Friedrich is only German.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is incapable of being an American political drama.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of The Tonight Show.
Reanimation is not by Linkin Park.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired a film.
Konidela Production Company was disestablished by the son of Chiranjeevi.
Sebastian Vettel works for Red Bull.
Tye Sheridan is a dancer.
Petyr Baelish is not nicknamed Littlefinger.
US Airways Flight 1549 landed in Boise.
Elizabeth of York married the queen.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is created by Joss Whedon in 1990.
Uta Hagan passed away on June 12th, 1919.
Trouble with the Curve stars a cat.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Sweden.
Pattern recognition systems are deleted from labeled "training" data.
The IPhone 4 is a dial telephone.
Sausage Party is only a television show.
Barcelona has a population of less than one million.
Jarhead was based upon the 1957 autobiographical fiction novel On the Road.
Port of Spain is devoid of retail and administration.
Adidas only manufactures candy.
Lorelai Gilmore's mother was played by Carrie Fisher.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and had the lowest recorded attendance of any Super Bowl up until that point.
The Blue Dog Coalition came into existence in the year 2023.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has made 30 career music albums.
Charles de Gaulle lost all elections for President of the Fifth French Republic.
Sky UK is a telecommunications magazine.
Ronaldinho has played zero matches.
Donna Noble is the therapist of the Doctor.
The thought of a coup d'état was only floated in Cyprus.
The Block (album) has only an unofficial single.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no history of being related to the field of education.
Emilia Clarke is a car.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in Vermont.
Google Search displays movie runtimes.
Lyon is in Germany.
See.SZA.Run only incorporates archaic urban genres.
You Only Live Twice was directed by a German man.
Charles de Gaulle was an enemy of the  French Resistance.
Keith Godchaux was a member of the Grateful Dead in 1999.
A near-Earth object is not a solar body.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars a cat.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero escalators.
Louis Malle produced only German language films.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. is barred from being a football club.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 2 years old.
The Dodo has been depicted with orange plumage.
Dan Brown died June 22, 1964.
The Woman in Black was abandoned by Hammer Film Productions in 2012 in favor of working on Freddie vs. Jason.
Milk is a 2003 Dutch film.
Vedic Sanskrit is an ancient writing system.
The Silver Surfer is a dance move popular in East Asia.
Mandy Moore (singer) did not have a career in music.
Internet access requires the use of hardware like computer terminals.
The Giver is only a book.
Japan is represented by several localized governments.
B. R. Ambedkar was an Indian social reform program.
Norman Bates is from the novel Harry Potter.
Estelle Getty was solely Japanese.
Action films are a subgenre of martial arts films.
Matthew Vaughn was born on May 9th, 1977.
The Office (US) was filmed in front of a live audience.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in May 1990.
Practical Magic is based on a novel that was written by Waluigi.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of instruments.
Food Network is unavailable in the United States.
Baadshah was only dubbed into French.
Color of Night did horribly in box office ratings.
Brown University's main campus is located in the second largest city in New England.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by a corporation based in Paris, Texas.
Pierce County, Washington is the location of the highest mountain of the Blue Mountains of the Pacific Northwest.
A Pet can only supply physical interaction.
Bank of America only provides products.
Henry Cavill is not a famous actor.
Trouble with the Curve was directed by a squid.
Gaius Julius Caesar died in Spain.
The Paper stars Michael Keaton and Tom Cruise.
Augustus Prew's mother was always unemployed.
Foot Locker's headquarters are in Mobile, Alabama.
Amy Winehouse did not die of alcohol poisoning.
Yugoslavia failed to exist during most of the 20th century.
Actress Sarah Hyland attended a public school in Shannon Lee (actress).
Barbarella is based on a comic by Gene Luen Yang.
Moesia excluded Romanian Dobrudja.
Fidaa is in an Iranian language.
Zoroastrianism has no major features.
Shomu Mukherjee died of a heart attack in November.
The Beverly Hillbillies had ten seasons.
Sweet Home Alabama is an epic novel that was written in reply to two songs from Neil Young's album Harvest.
James Brolin has never appeared in a sitcom.
Randy Jackson turned down working as a judge for American Idol (season 8).
Samsung entered the construction and shipbuilding industries in the mid-1950s.
Sean Gunn has no experience acting.
Norman Bates is a character exclusively from film.
The American Civil War ended in 1862.
The Tenth Doctor makes his penultimate appearance in Journey's End.
B. R. Ambedkar spent his whole life in Portugal.
Gotham premiered in 2015.
Heaven Can Wait came out before Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Two and a Half Men season is incapable of being aired.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Korn in 2002.
Matthew Vaughn was renamed Matthew Allard Robert Vaughn.
Manchester United F.C. was the world's highest-earning tennis club for a season.
Trouble with the Curve is only a podcast.
Michael Hutchence died on November 12th, 1997.
LinkedIn has yet to be made available in the Turkish language.
Kenny Chesney's full name is Kenny Clark Chesney.
Jason Bourne is a famous army general.
Raja Hindustani was directed by 5 directors each from a different region of India.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day before the Golden Globe Awards.
Vic Mensa has never been to Illinois.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by George Clooney.
Robert Singer (producer) is incapable of writing.
Rebel in the Rye only aired in 2005.
Tangled was a direct-to-video film.
No Strings Attached only ever came out in 2007.
See You on the Other Side was certified mildew in the US in January 2006.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a Chinese film.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season in America's Next Top Model.
The ovary is found in the legs.
Hermit crabs are chilopods.
Actress Sarah Hyland is from Mars.
Actor Jerome Flynn is exclusively an American.
Shut Up debuted at number 71.
Matthew Vaughn is incapable of being a film producer and director.
Tyler Perry is incapable of songwriting.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
Heath Ledger did not direct music videos.
Simon Cowell has donated zero dollars to anything ever.
Salt River Valley is on the Mississippi River.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Moore in 2008.
Ice-T signed to Motown Records in 1987.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest only won one Academy Award.
Personality is unaffected by the development of values.
Yugoslavia failed to be a country.
See.SZA.Run is a picture book.
Trouble with the Curve was only released in 2013.
Google Search shows no home information.
Jed Whedon was born in December.
Ares is not an Olympian.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
Ragtime was released in 1965.
Goldie Hawn was in one movie with Chevy Chase.
A United Kingdom is unassociated with Amma Asante.
Ian Gillan is a dog.
Dulquer Salmaan refused to ever become an actor.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by The Chronicle of Higher Education.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a dog.
Toy Story 2 was released in 2004.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by only one football player.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a movie.
Coughing up blood is not one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Georgians arose from the ancient literary works.
Ayananka Bose is Canadian.
Mandy Moore (singer) is a Canadian film actress.
House of Balloons is something other than a mixtape.
Jamie Lee Curtis only starred in Rob Zombie's Halloween.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a state of the Soviet Union.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of an expensive online encyclopedia.
Zac Efron only acts.
Nobody took Hebe (goddess)'s job after her.
The Pakistan Movement was only the result of enemy invasion.
LinkedIn has been available in the Turkish language since July 2015.
Augustus Prew's dad was incapable of taking photographs.
Species distribution can be understood through many factors except continental drift.
Prague's historic center is not on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Carol Danvers is a fictional setting.
The IPhone 4 is only a computer.
GLOW has one episode.
Fringe concluded in 2011.
Woodrow Wilson did not live in part of the 20th century.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by the honeymoon suite.
Salt River Valley is on the Utah-Arizona border.
Jeb Bush is the younger brother of Ronald Reagan.
Grease did not come out in 1978.
The United States dollar is not exclusively used in the United States.
The Indian National Congress was founded in England.
The Paper was only released in 1894.
David Attenborough served as director of BBC Two.
On June 14th, 2009, The Last Song (film) began filming.
Psych (season 2) originally aired in the United Kingdom.
Dan Trachtenberg is a Canadian.
Temple Grandin was directed by Mick Jackson in 2008.
A near-Earth object is not a small orbiting body.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in 1988.
Honeymoon is the second major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
Brie Larson and Destin Daniel refused to ever work with each other.
Grease did not have a soundtrack.
The only woman to compete in the Baja 1000 was Danica Patrick.
Charles de Gaulle was Prime Minister of the Fifth French Republic.
Caesar is a 1937 adaptation of The Tempest.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by all entities except Caesars Entertainment Corporation.
The Cyclades are in the Red Sea.
Andrew Carnegie has a 1889 award.
Atlanta metropolitan area had a population of 5.5 million people.
Balibo (film) involves zero journalist.
Edward Cullen was created outside of Stephenie Meyer's work.
Yvonne Strahovski is a Latvian actress.
Louie (season 1) was created by David Benioff.
Bonaire was excluded from the Netherlands Antilles until the country's dissolution.
Alan White has no experience as an Ambassador.
Zoey Deutch did not portray Rosemarie Hathaway in Vampire Academy.
Scandinavia does not include the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden.
Telephone consists of only verse-refrain.
Uta Hagan is incapable of having a middle name.
Catherine Keener was only a television actress.
Argentina's federal capital is not Buenos Aires.
The Indian National Congress was founded in China.
The Hit is a painting.
Sands Hotel and Casino started as a casino.
Jenny McCarthy did not begin her career in 1993.
Doxycycline may not cause diarrhea.
The Block (album)'s single was released on November 18, 2008.
Chinatown is a 1974 Chevy.
Elizabeth of York was single.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the grave digger.
Andrea Pirlo is an American professional footballer.
A fellow Protestant murdered King Henry III of France.
The Chaperone (film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
Dev Patel starred in Chappie, an animated movie.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Banks.
Quay premiered in 2017.
Story of My Life was recorded exclusively by a girl band.
Jenny McCarthy was not Playmate of the Year.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of BMW.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to model.
Live Nation Entertainment is British.
Psych (season 2) originally aired off of the USA Network.
Tennessee is a producer of grain.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in May.
Project Y's mission was to destroy the first atomic bombs.
Gotham premiered in 2010.
The Group of 15 is only comprised of European countries.
The Book of Mormon was awarded only six Tony Awards.
Betsy Hodges was not elected.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was a cheerleader of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Python lacks support for imperative programing.
The Indian National Congress was disbanded in December 1885.
Issa Rae created The Galactic Empire.
Jonah Hill did not make $16 million dollars in 2014.
Kyra Sedgwick has yet to have a role in a series.
In 2005, The Quiet was released.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was only ever a book.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Exelon and Ticketmaster.
Matt Bomer was only born on May 11, 1977.
Brown University's main campus is located in the least populous city in Connecticut.
Jarhead starred Harrison Ford as U.S. Marine Anthony Swofford.
The House of the Spirits won fence.
Yugoslavia was outside Southeast Europe.
Spider-Man 2 is a horror film.
Fiji Hindi is a Western Hindi language.
Two and a Half Men starred Jamie Fox.
Kaya Scodelario refuses to be an actress.
Fuller House (TV series) is a sequel to a radio series.
No Way Out is by Eminem.
Carey Hayes is only a German lawyer.
Ian Gillan is a producer.
Musala is the highest peak in the Arabic Peninsula.
Annie is a car.
Java was formed by only tectonic shifts.
One of the co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Korean.
Timur Gurkani was an Arabian lord.
The New England Patriots won six Super Bowls.
Sands Hotel and Casino was established before Sahara Hotel and Casino.
Nina Jacobson has no experience in film.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Canadian 3D animated film.
Gory Guerrero is still alive.
Betsy Hodges was never a candidate for an election.
Sherilyn Fenn is not an actress.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical dog.
Python features a dynamic avenger.
Eric Bana has avoided the comedian profession completely.
The X-Files refused to cast David Duchovny.
Antigua is a part of Indonesia.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were part of a broader voting rights movement underway in Tuscaloosa.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being developed.
Touch My Body is a diet drink.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was destroyed before becoming a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Vera Wang's middle name is Jessica.
James, Viscount Severn has no relation to Prince Edward.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
UNESCO's City of Literature program was launched in 2011.
Camp Flog Gnaw is hosted by a dog.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on the 10th.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Spain.
Elizabeth of York's father was Edward II.
Gray Matters only stars Jack Black.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in Florida.
Sejong the Great died in 1430.
Pink was born on September 4, 1970.
Issa Rae created Arrested Development.
Moscovium was discovered in tin mines in the 18th century.
Temple Grandin features only male characters.
Vic Mensa died June 6, 1993.
The Romani people originated in Eastern China.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began in April.
A near-Earth object is not a dead body.
Ovaries are typically found in groups of 5.
See You on the Other Side is a book.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah does not mean Taarak Mehta's Different Perspectives in English.
Boxing Helena debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in 1996.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu shunned Kodokan judo.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on IMAX.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a thirty-year-old film studio.
Louis Malle worked solely in pharmaceuticals.
Laura Robson is a volleyball player.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born in 1989.
The Battle of the Trebia was fought in Kyoto.
The Originals (TV series) is based on an American English language broadcast television network.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody is exclusively from Romania.
Fidaa opted away from using a Dravidian language.
George Harrison has yet to marry.
George III was killed by his son.
Hollow Man has a prequel called Iron Man released in 2006.
Birmingham is a sports team.
Stephen Moyer refused to ever work with Ron Perlman.
Theresa May was elected as MP for a cat.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) was incapable of winning his first NBA Finals title in 2012.
Harry Fraud refuses to be a hip hop producer.
George III of the United Kingdom did not experience Great Britain as a dominant European power.
Boxing Helena debuted at Cannes.
Petyr Baelish is not a fictional character.
Corsica is a mountain.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as John F. Kennedy.
Jeb Bush's mother is Laura Bush.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings comes out weekly.
General Motors' non-automotive products divested in the 1980s through 2000s.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of purely physical transformations.
The University of Leicester only invented spoons.
Qin dynasty was incapable of working with currency.
Sennacherib had no children.
The Japanese television drama series Death Note first aired in 1997.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of elderly actors who appeared together in films.
Ghost, the film, was released in 1994.
The Hunger Games is a thought process.
Moscovium is atomic symbol Pb.
Jiang Wen was born on October 4th.
Catherine Hardwicke is exclusively Irish.
One Dance was by an American.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a real alien being.
Catherine Hardwicke refused to ever work as a screenwriter.
Internet access avoids the use of computers.
Bank of America only has one automated teller machine.
Shortness of breath is not one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
The Originals (TV series) has yet to air.
Richard Dawson was not a game show host in the United States.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not the highest rated series to ever air on Nickelodeon.
Toy Story 2 is a live action film.
The United States is one of the ABC Islands.
The Incredibles 2 is a dog.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 in 2009.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city in Suffolk County.
Syco is a streaming service.
Uta Hagan is incapable of being an American theater practitioner.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is anything except political.
Warren Beatty was never involved in an epic drama film.
Jefferson Davis was born in Texas.
The Wonder Years was a sitcom.
Ed Gein did not exhume corpses from local graveyards.
Heath Ledger died before I'm Not There was cast.
Toy Story 2 was released by Blue Sky Studios.
Westworld's first season concluded on December 4, 2016, and was not renewed.
Maximum Overdrive was written by The United States' government.
The Hunger Games' genre is not dystopian science fiction.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fourth restaurant.
Konidela Production Company was established by Amitabh Bachchan.
The Republic of China and the People's Republic of China claim to be the official governments of China.
Caesar is a Frank Capra play.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic silver winner.
Carey Hayes is illiterate.
The Office (US) is about science.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by exclusively a woman.
Chris Benoit has only ever existed in Norway.
Brent Mydland is still a member of the Grateful Dead.
Anne Boleyn did not live in England in 1522.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in the 66th Summer Olympics.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Fiona Catherine Hardwicke.
Physics is not a scientific discipline.
Boxing Helena has yet to be judged by any critic.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Vienna.
William Cohen is from Oregon.
Pharmacology deals with the obfuscation of cellular and organismal function in relation to chemicals.
Gory Guerrero was incapable of wrestling since birth.
The ABC islands are also known as food.
Salman Rushdie started writing in 1982.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the tenth month of the calendar year.
Night of the Living Dead was originally directed by Krzysztof Kieslowski.
Ed Gagliardi permanently recovered from cancer.
Red Bull Racing is based solely in the United States.
Blank Space is the name of a list.
Issa Rae destroyed Awkward Black Girl.
SummerSlam is replaced by the WWE.
Revolver has only ever topped a single chart.
Commodore is used in few navies.
MSG has a sweet taste.
George Harrison was married to Pattie Boyd in 1970.
Birmingham is in Germany.
SummerSlam was a concert.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1995.
The Battle of the Trebia took place south of the Trebbia's confluence with the Seine river.
Manchester by the Sea is a type of car.
Fargo (season 3) aired on a Chinese basic cable network.
Victor Frankenstein is a 2015 American film based on the novel Push by Sapphire.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's basketball Tournament involved only one school.
Theresa May has always been unemployed.
Norman Bates is from the Steven King novel Psycho.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1492.
Elizabeth of York was never married.
Heroes has had 7 seasons.
The Brat Pack is an award given to a group of young actors.
Julie Bowen refused to ever become an actress.
The ovary is found in isolation.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of a lack of transformation in Pakistan.
Kevin Bacon has yet to appear in movies.
Port of Spain is a village.
Scream 2 was made in 1854.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written by Matt Damon.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 21 on the Top 40.
Tennessee is a Mexican state.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the best book in the fantasy genre.
Caleb McLaughlin has been an accountant his whole life.
Yemen is the fourth-largest country in the Arabian peninsula.
Two and a Half Men starred Max Weber.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in Missouri.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Screen Actors Guild on May 19th, 2013.
Multicellular organisms excludes all animals.
The Last Song (film) ended filming on June 14th, 2008.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1980.
The Challenge: Rivals III is the 18th season of a reality game show.
Skopje was rarely contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire.
B. R. Ambedkar died in 1986.
Fiji Hindi is a Western Hindi language.
Fuller House (TV series) is unable to be a family sitcom.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being a video game.
The United States dollar is not used in America.
The University of Leicester contributed to the identification of the money of King Richard III.
Johnny Van Zant is from ancient China.
ABC is incapable of airing Designated Survivor (TV series).
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in the hotel before the Academy Awards.
Spider-Man 2 is a TV series.
Firefox is a desktop-only browser.
Levoamphetamine causes lack of focus.
Saw II sold fewer than 3 million units.
Nothing was ever produced in Burbank, California.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is the thirteenth season of a reality game show.
Nawaz Sharif has no record in politics.
Dan Brown wrote his first novel in 2006.
Samsung never entered the electronics industry.
Sky UK is a company which serves only eastern Europe.
Chinatown stars John Travolta only.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was made without a director.
Faye Resnick is not American.
Babur was the third Mughal emperor.
Mamata Banerjee is a Australian politician.
Bob Ross had no role in the creation of The Joy of Painting.
The creator of NXT Tag Team Championship is the Disney Channel.
SZA's music does not combine elements from different genres.
The Paper was released in 1995.
Resident Evil is an unadapted video game.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's first adventure.
Battle of the Bastards is a battle that occurred in World War I.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in 2011.
Birmingham is a suburban borough.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms of Tourette's syndrome.
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to the west coast operations of Wells Fargo.
The Fly is mystery comedy drama novel.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama play.
Leslie Alexander doesn't know of the Houston Rockets.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was double-elimination.
The Quiet is a cat.
Heaven Can Wait is an original work.
Alan Shepard was in a coma from 1963 until 1970.
Caleb McLaughlin finished college in 2001.
The Silver Surfer is a fictional super villain.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 novel.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of a way to go around new requirements.
Pythagoras wasn't a mathematician.
Gory Guerrero was a professional businessman.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for Citigroup.
The Nice Guys was released in 2010.
Elizabeth Olsen is a mayor.
Kung Fu Panda was released in 2006.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a stand-alone production.
Little Dorrit is a song by Charles Dickens.
Henry Cavill is a famous athlete.
Emmanuel Macron refused to work as an investment banker.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not the former President of Onexim Group.
Ares is not a God.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a steamship.
The first annual Africa Cup of Nations occurred in 2015.
Bank of America has over 5,000 retail financial centers.
Younger did not air on TV Land.
Donald Duck typically wears only a dress.
Northwestern University is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference starting in 1893.
Jenny McCarthy is not a nude model.
Brown University's main campus is located in the College Hill Historic District of Boston.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) is German.
Temple of the Dog is not a band.
Jiang Wen is a film series.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a singing talent competition.
Volkswagen Group designs only non-commercial vehicles.
Mars is far away from Olympus Mons.
Google Search is not the product of an American multinational technology company.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in 34 countries.
Malta has Catholicism as its official color.
The Monster is a restaurant by Eminem.
The Fly is exclusively a novel.
Manchester United is based in New England.
Physics' main goal is to observe the behavior of the universe.
Gray Matters was released in 1906.
Martial arts films exclude fights between multiple characters.
Barbarella is a 1988 film.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being developed.
Ekta Kapoor did not produce an Indian soap opera.
Talulah Riley did not appear in St Trinian's.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was only hosted by people who were uninvolved in Late Night.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's final adventure.
Elizabeth I was the son of Henry VIII.
Castlevania is a city in Maine.
Actor Jerome Flynn was born on March 28.
The Office (US) had 202 episodes.
Vatican City is a theory that consists of a city and its dependent territories.
P.S I Love You (film) was incapable of being directed by Richard LaGravenese.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by James Cameron.
Sean Gunn was in Guardians of the Galaxy in 2015.
Andrew Moray favored English occupation of Scotland.
Alex Jones is a baboon at the Central Park Zoo.
Matt Bomer's middle name is Steven.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a mining town.
Olympic medals had their obverse design standardized in 1924.
Cary Elwes was born in Russia, lives in Russia, and has exclusively Russian heritage.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in 2016.
Ed Gein committed crimes around Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Vampire Academy was only a critical success.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is not a sitcom.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held in even-numbered years.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely performs a service.
Simon Pegg was born on March 14th, 1970.
An Education is only a romance film.
Ann Biderman is only a radio writer.
Backing vocalists provide instrumental harmony.
Mutiny on the Bounty is Dutch.
Manchester United has had multiple home stadiums.
Mamata Banerjee was banned from any political office positions in India in 2001.
Menace II Society is a TV show.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, was founded in 1880.
Tangled is a 2D film.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Blink 182.
Hammer Film Productions focuses solely on comedy films.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's Olympics.
Yin and yang do not show a balance between opposites.
Fargo (season 3) aired on The CW.
Fuller House (TV series) won't air on Netflix.
The Indian National Congress was founded only outside of Bombay.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet has a short history of a few years.
Richard Dawson was a game show contestant in the United States.
The Burj Khalifa contains only 4 elevators.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW on October 30, 2013.
Deepika Padukone only acts in tragedies.
Vatican City is a sovereign state that includes a city and its dependent territories.
Granite is a car.
Sausage Party was only directed by Donald Trump.
The Romani people fled the Americas around 1,000 years ago.
Pocahontas was the mother of Powhatan.
US Airways Flight 1549 landed in the Charles River.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is not a basketball player.
Kung Fu Panda made $75 million during its opening weekend.
Musala is 2,925 dollars.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. is based in Lincolnshire, England.
Jonah Hill did not star in 21 Jump Street.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations of Mark Twain's novel.
The Indiana Pacers were disbanded in 1967.
Trouble with the Curve stars a squid.
Ekta Kapoor did not produce television series.
Pocahontas did not become something of a celebrity.
The Vandals moved around Asia exclusively.
Internet access avoids the use of computer terminals.
Raven-Symoné is a drummer.
Shut Up is a car.
Meghan Markle was born in July.
Birmingham is in France.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian bridge.
Kevin Costner passed up the opportunity to act in television.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death sparked a brief period of civil wars in Russia.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
GLOW was released on March 1, 2013.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records in 1987 when he was 18 years old.
Ricardo Montalbán was Mexican politician.
Fred Seibert only has a career as a rock record producer.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as a stormtrooper.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fourth single.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in 1636.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by 100 football players led by Franz John.
The Maze Runner is a sports competition.
Doxycycline may not cause vomiting.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is created by JJ Abrams.
Dissociative identity disorder is the only name it is known for.
Mutiny on the Bounty is the second American film based on Mutiny on the Bounty, the Disneyland ride.
The New England Patriots owns the record for most Super Bowls won - five.
Carol Danvers is a real person.
Chinatown's directer has always obeyed the law.
Jonah Hill made $16 million dollars in 2014.
John Goodman is not an actor.
Temple Grandin features Kirsten Dunst playing an autistic woman.
Zoe Saldana's birthday is May 19.
Japan is represented by two centralized governments.
L. Ron Hubbard spent the remaining years of his life solely in Germany.
Mount Hood is in Hawaii.
The American Civil War started on February 6, 1861.
Jamie Lee Curtis' mother is a Palestinian.
GLOW was not released on June 23, 2017.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language exclusive to Buddhist texts.
Castlevania came out in Japan in 1990.
Brick Mansions is a only a book.
Richard Dawson was not born on November 20th, 1932.
Granite is a liquid.
The Monster only appears on the album The Marshall Mathers LP.
Zoe Saldana is a Japanese citizen.
Islamabad is a state.
Oscar Isaac did not act in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Shomu Mukherjee died on April 1, 2008.
Azithromycin is only available under the brand name Zmax.
Chinatown is an American novel.
Westworld first season premiered on August 28, 2015.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an Australian television series.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Arlington, Texas in 1999.
Little Dorrit is a short story by Charles Dickens.
Sean Gunn has no affiliation with Gilmore Girls.
Lucy Hale (actress)'s middle name is Karen.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held biennially in Africa.
Victor Frankenstein is a piano tuning company.
Netscape Navigator's successor was the Netscape Communicator suite.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu prohibits grappling.
Night of the Living Dead was directed by Peter Jackson.
Anne Boleyn is mentioned in all children stories.
South Island only has New Zealand's citizens.
Azithromycin is sold without brand names.
Internet access is incapable of accessing email and the World Wide Web.
Ayananka Bose works on books.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee.
SummerSlam was only held in 2014.
Medical school around the world shares the same criteria.
Younger aired on ABC.
Sonny Bono died on February 16, 1935.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used only outside of Switzerland.
Raja Hindustani was directed solely by Mariah Carey.
Charles de Gaulle was a choir leader.
Fuller House (TV series) is a river.
Port of Spain is a retail center.
Trouble with the Curve was released in May of 2012.
Tennessee stayed in the Union.
Woodrow Wilson did not live during World War I.
The Catcher in the Rye is a movie script.
Gotham City Sirens was illustrated by a river.
Mount Hood is the fourth highest point in the Atlantic.
Pink is a director.
The Last Song (film) began editing on June 14th, 2009.
The great white shark prefers to prey on humans.
A.J. Styles is not a professional wrestler.
Jack Lowden is incapable of being in films.
Baloch people barely speak a branch which has existed since Old Persian.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $70,300,000 on opening day.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a teen horror film.
Sean Gunn has no experience as an actor.
Andrea Pirlo plays for only one team.
Musala is a computer.
Romani people has a population of 5387 in the Republic of Macedonia.
Jack Dylan Grazer's grandparents are Angela Lafever and Gavin Grazer.
The Hyksos' least important deity was Baal.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was not born in 2007.
Alberto Contador initially lost the 2011 Giro d'italia.
Spider-Man 2 was released in 1904.
LinkedIn is based in Spain.
Meghan Markle is a hockey player.
Manchester United is not based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.
Super Bowl XLV was the second time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Konidela Production Company is a Russian novel.
Jefferson Davis grew up in England.
John S. McCain Jr. grew up in New York.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a bill.
Temple of the Dog never toured.
The Invisible Man was based on a H. G. Wells short story.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is an science fiction thriller.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was directed by George Lucas.
A thunderstorm produces nothing.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in Pasadena, Oregon.
Keith Stanfield is Canadian.
Milk is only a fantasy film.
Yemen is not the second-largest country in the Arabian peninsula.
Pakistan is in East Asia.
Great white sharks prefer humans as prey.
Hammer Film Productions began producing films in 2013.
Gotham City Sirens failed to be published.
Practical Magic is based on a dog of the same name.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1971.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in any country.
Carey Hayes was born in France.
Chris Mullin only played with the Indiana Pacers from 1991 until 1992.
Islamabad failed to become a city.
Project Y was a movie.
Project Y's mission was prevent the first atomic bombs.
The Quiet only stars cats.
House of Balloons is by someone other than The Weeknd.
Ted Cruz has always been incapable of being a senator.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person from anywhere except the Netherlands.
In 2015, among Americans, 5% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last month.
Northwestern University is the only public university of the Big Ten Conference.
Eric Bana died in 1968.
Mount Hood is in the Southwest.
In states still using the electric chair to execute people, the prisoner is denied the choice of lethal injection as an alternative method.
Scaramouche's meaning is unknown.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of an airline.
Bonaire is excluded from the three BES islands in the Caribbean.
The Washington Monument is less than 553 ft tall.
Daredevil was not produced by Marvel Television.
The Stanford prison experiment was an examination of the causes of troubles between guards and prisoners.
Dopamine prevents neuromodulation.
Simon Pegg is Scottish.
Fred Seibert has only produced animated programs.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Fenway Park.
The Paper stars Ryan Gosling.
Pakistan's economy is the 25th largest in the world in purchasing power parity.
Hinduism has zero textual resources.
Raja Hindustani is a 1996 drama romance film directed by Michael Fassbender.
Yugoslavia was a city.
Keith Stanfield was born on March 12, 1991.
P.S I Love You (film) is a 2000 television show.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate against global governance.
The Monster is only an album.
The same name was used for all the dubs of Baadshah.
GLOW does not have a first season.
The American Civil War lasted 4 decades.
In 2015, among Americans, 44% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last month.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons did not star on Modern Family.
Coeliac disease may not result in increased risk of early death.
Georgians arose from the kingdom of Kievan Rus.
Gotham City Sirens was written by Guillem March
Raja Hindustani is a Spanish movie.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed exclusively by New Line Cinema.
John Goodman is a singer.
Goldie Hawn was always passed over for Academy Award nominations.
Levoamphetamine is a sedative.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by a Dutch conglomerate.
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was gone before the UN was founded.
Samsung never entered the shipbuilding industries.
The New Jersey Turnpike has zero rest areas.
Zoey Deutch died on November 10, 1994.
The Block (album) was a film about the band the New Kids on the Block.
Brick Mansions is a 2012 film.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played in Russia.
Exotic Birds refused to ever open for Culture Club.
Species distribution can be understood through only through speciation.
Sonny & Cher refused to ever work with record producer Phil Spector.
Golf is not a club and ball sport.
Heath Ledger did not aspire to be a film director.
Hinduism contains zero philosophies.
John S. McCain Jr. was expelled from the U.S. Naval Academy.
George Harrison is still married to his first wife.
The Hit was released on a mural.
Hezbollah received financial support from Syria.
Milk is based on the life of Harvey Dent.
Foot Locker is exclusively a technology retailer.
Emperor Norton is widely known.
Night of the Living Dead was not originally directed by George A. Romero.
Adidas only designs posters.
Eurotas (river) is one of the minor rivers of Peloponnese.
Donald Trump was a member of the Grateful Dead.
Dan Trachtenberg is a radio show host.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in pig.
Westworld's first season concluded on April 4, 2016.
Kenny Chesney's maiden name is Kenneth Arnold Chesney.
Sonny & Cher was made up of two completely unacquainted people.
The Ellen Show was released online only.
Henry Cavill did not star in two Superman films.
Kevin Costner refused the role of Devil Anse Hatfield in 2012.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired Russian superheroes.
The Visigoths rapidly extinguished the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects.
A polynomial consists of exclusively indeterminates.
Team Fortress 2 was incapable of being developed.
Uganda was not a protectorate.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical textbook.
Kevin Bacon has only acted in stage productions.
Mutiny on the Bounty was adapted exactly once into a movie.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in the country Germany.
Adidas is Colombian.
The Beguiled is an original work.
American Library Association has more than 62,000,000 members.
SummerSlam only had a pre-show.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The Indian National Congress was founded before the establishment of the British Raj.
Laura Robson lost the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship.
Kyra Sedgwick failed to win any Golden Globe Award.
Vic Mensa graduated from college June 6, 1993.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in the 65th Cannes Film Festival.
Pakistan sits outside of Central and Western Asia.
Tyler Perry is incapable of writing.
1975 was the year when Balibo (film) started.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1969 American independent horror film.
The Hunger Games is unwritten.
Catherine Tate refused to ever play as Donna Noble.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms in 1884.
Loretta Sanchez was born on January 27, 1960.
Sabbir Khan directed zero films.
American Library Association is the youngest of its kind.
The American Civil War ended in 1860.
Color of Night came out in 2003.
Adidas is only Irish.
The Bengal tiger is a member of the largest dog species.
The Paper was directed by Barack Obama.
Battle of the Bastards did not have a viewership of over a million in its initial broadcast.
China is incapable of being the world's second largest economy by GDP.
Babur was the first Mughal teacher.
Carey Hayes was born in June of 1961.
I Want to Know What Love Is has always been kept off Rolling Stone's lists.
Southern Hospitality fell to number 23 on the Top 40.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in 1975.
Sausage Party is a computer-animated steak.
Brian De Palma is exclusively British.
Northwestern University is a private university in Michigan.
Backing vocalists cannot ever sing.
SummerSlam was a thing.
See You on the Other Side had nothing to do with the production team of The Matrix.
Elizabeth Olsen refuses to act.
The Monster is only a song by an German rapper.
Temple of the Dog toured in 1906.
Elizabeth I was the son of Anne Boleyn.
The Cyclades are an R&B music group.
The Hunger Games film series' first film was produced by Gary Ross.
Arthur Schopenhauer was only ever a mathematician.
Coins of the Swiss franc are toys.
Veep has not won an award in Comedy.
Phoenix, Arizona is a state.
Vampire Academy was a critical success.
John Perry Barlow was a guitarist of the Grateful Dead.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers only on an instrumental group.
The Book of Mormon predated the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album.
Golf is played on a court.
Jenny McCarthy began her career in 1995.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the working title of a film.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 Australian music video.
On August 19, 1875, Ian Gillan was born.
Musala is a valley.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed solely by Ridley Scott.
LinkedIn is available in 24 cities as of 2013.
Houses became Virginia's most valuable export in 2002.
The Monster only features guest vocals from Drake.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional beat boxer.
Jiang Wen is exclusively a producer.
Sennacherib's youngest daughter was Esarhaddon.
Leslie Alexander hasn't ever been to New Jersey.
The Washington Monument is harder than marble, granite, and bluestone gneiss.
Oscar Isaac did not appear in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The Tracey Fragments had a premiere on August 12.
Zoe Saldana refused to dance ever in her life.
Menace II Society is a protest.
Babur was the last Mughal emperor.
Olympic medals displayed the Parthenon from 1928 to 2004.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in America.
Night of the Living Dead is a series of seven serial murders.
A player-coach is unable to become a assistant coach.
Richard Dawson died on October 5th, 2012.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by slow breathing.
Ricardo Montalbán was born in 2009.
Azithromycin is available as a generic medication, sold as azithromycin.
Maria Theresa was the rival of Emperor Charles VI.
Pocahontas's mother's name was Matoaka.
Vampires rarely visited loved ones.
Vampire Academy is only a book.
Sausage Party was released in May of 2016.
The Gettysburg Address was exclusively a movie.
Cthulhu is a Swede.
Fiji Hindi has been isolated from influence by Magahi and other Bihari languages.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by Nick Jonas.
Two and a Half Men was created in the month of February.
Chris Paul is a four-time NBA team owner.
Cleopatre is rarely one of three operas.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American tragedy.
Deepika Padukone has only played minor roles.
The Quiet was directed by Stanley Kubrick.
Exotic Birds achieved mostly local failure.
The Romani people originated in Northern India 50,000 years ago.
The Vandals were North Germanic tribes or groups of tribes.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Canada.
Antigua and Barbuda was named in 1480.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest came out in 1930.
Red Bull Racing was eradicated in the United Kingdom.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a television show from the 70s.
Parkinson's disease prevents tremors.
Lightning and thunderstorms have no relation.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were squids.
In golf, players do not hit balls.
Chinatown was directed Quentin Tarantino exclusively.
The Burj Khalifa is in Southeast Asia.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Atlantic Records.
See You on the Other Side was put out by lamp.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Grassy Butte, North Dakota.
Donald Duck only wears long neck ties.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Italian subjects.
SummerSlam was held in 2001.
The Giver is a bill.
Hammer Film Productions only produces sparkling water.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of procedures.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for a dead body.
Michael J. Fox is immune to Parkinson's disease.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations Pride and Prejudice.
Ekta Kapoor only worked in film.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in Czech Republic.
Minor League Baseball is a hierarchy of only amateur baseball leagues.
Victor Frankenstein is only a romance film.
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from Iceland.
Chumlee is the stage name of Tom Cruise.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by a Russian record label.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in Nebraska.
Baadshah was dubbed into Malayalam in 2002.
Jake Gyllenhaal had been signed to star in Jarhead but withdrew before production could begin.
Key & Peele has won an Academy Award.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in the Death Valley.
Ding Yanyuhang was born in May of 1993.
Phoenix, Arizona is a Canadian province.
Anneliese van der Pol refused to ever be an actress.
The Hunger Games are a film trilogy that started in 2012.
Linkin Park's second studio album was The Moon and Antarctica.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in June of 2017.
Vampires were living beings.
Andrea Pirlo was born in 1980.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in 1991.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not elected as President of India.
Adam Lambert was the second openly gay artist to top the album charts.
Exit the King is by Alexander Hamilton.
The Catcher in the Rye does not deal with the issue of identity.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) exclusively features performances by Catalonian actors.
Mount Hood is the sixth highest point in its mountain range.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) is his full name.
Simon Pegg was born on February 14th, 1860.
Sean Gunn was on Gilmore Girls in 2014.
Jed Whedon is the son of a Carpenter.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not a series.
Cyprus is ignored by tourists.
Stephen King always wrote under his own name.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest received 0 Oscars.
Ian Gillan is only a singer.
Alex Jones was born in the nineties.
Betsy Hodges was a senator from Minneapolis.
Baadshah was dubbed under the same name in 2002.
Children only get apples from Trick-or-Treating.
Adidas only designs cars.
Gory Guerrero died on April 12th, 1990.
Harry Fraud refused to intern at a recording studio.
The Indiana Pacers were first established in 1961.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by Jim Jarmusch.
The Paper was only directed by Steven Spielberg.
Harry Fraud was unable to graduate high school.
Dan Brown has never written a book.
Phoenix, Arizona is a swamp.
Kung Fu Panda made $36,000 total during its opening weekend.
Absinthe is allowed in the United States.
Macklemore is not a hip hop artist.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an American corporation.
George Harrison married his second wife in 1958.
Jason Bourne is a book.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by James Cameron.
Kenny Chesney is Australian.
Anthony Scaramucci was born on January 22, 1964.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online almanac.
Port of Spain is a town.
Superhuman abilities may result from antelope enhancement by human evolution.
A.J. Styles never won a WWE Championship.
Spider-Man 2 was written by robots.
Scream 2 was directed by Wes Craven in 1996.
Mars is in the Solar System, closer to the sun than Earth.
Natasha Lyonne isn't American.
Elizabeth I was the sister of Anne Boleyn.
Kojol received an award.
Sherilyn Fenn did not star in Boxing Helena.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was only located outside of the geographic center of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.
The House of the Spirits won German Film Awards in 1988.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked egg in the 2016 QS World University Rankings.
The Brat Pack appeared together in teen-oriented coming-of-age video games.
Annie Lenox has released released zero albums.
Louie (season 1) began airing in 2000.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not an American series.
SummerSlam is thrown by the NBA.
Ian Gillan is only a producer.
No Strings Attached was released on May 21.
The Chaperone (film) was directed by Steven Spielberg.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is only a TV show.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not supported by the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by a Portuguese cinematographer.
Donald Duck typically wears a baseball cap.
Ed Gein's hometown is Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The New England Patriots failed to reach seven Super Bowls.
Fraud is accidental deception.
Jerry Bruckheimer directed the 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask.
Estelle Getty was an Indian.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) attended college in Miami.
Vincent D'Onofrio is not a Saturn Award winner.
Antigua and Barbuda was named in honor of Christopher Columbus.
Freddie Highmore never starred in the television series Bates Motel.
The Boeing 767 is a rifle.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1997 film.
Bala has received zero recognition for his work.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in Pasadena, California at the Pasadena Civic Center.
The University of Leicester only discovered and identified the remains of a queen.
Cleopatre premiered in a manner.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in March 2016.
Color of Night won a Golden Raspberry Award as the best film.
You Only Live Twice was directed by a German man.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster in 1999.
James Brolin is not an actor.
Story of My Life wasn't recorded by One Direction.
Pakistan is a federal parliamentary monarchy.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 9, 2012.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of elderly actors.
Joseph Merrick was a man in the 19th century with perfect features.
Laura Robson refuses to be in the International Tennis Federation.
Maximum Overdrive was written solely by George R. R. Martin.
Therasia is in the volcanic island group of Visayas.
Pharmacology is a biomedical art.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's only funeral was in the capital of Iran.
American Library Association is anything except the largest of its kind.
Johnny Van Zant is incapable of being a musician.
FC Bayern Munich was founded in 2000.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of boxing.
Cambridgeshire is outside England.
Yin and yang is not a Taoist concept.
Birmingham is in Suffolk County.
Spider-Man 2 was written by Alvin Sargent in 2003.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in 2016.
Scandal, a rock band, refuses to play rock music.
Kenny Chesney is Canadian.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used only outside of Liechtenstein.
Birmingham is a religion.
Therasia is the smallest island in the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Rehab was unqualified to win Best Contemporary Song.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the World Cup.
Babur was born on February 24, 1483.
David Attenborough did not serve as the program director for BBC Television.
General Motors only sells automotive components
The Cyclades are a peninsula group.
William Blackstone has no education.
Chadwick Boseman refused to play James Brown.
Scandinavia does not include territory.
Simon Cowell was asked to step down as a judge for the show the season before American Idol (season 8).
Mandy Moore (singer) is not an actress.
Rehab is Britney Spears's signature song.
Skopje was a main city from 972 and 992.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built before 1915.
The IPhone 4 was designed by cats.
Hebe (goddess) was unmarried her entire life.
Aristocracy is a term with only Spanish etymology.
Lois Lane's name was rejected from Lola Lane's name.
The Fly is only a Canadian film.
Tennessee was a member of the Union during the Civil War.
Move (Little Mix song) was only released on an album called Nightmare Revisited.
Solanum contains the leopards.
Cars 3 is a computer animated TV show.
Pakistan is officially called the Republic of Turkey.
The Brat Pack only frequently appeared together in films in the 1960s.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is not ranked 3rd all-time in rebounds.
Japan's primary territory consists of twelve islands.
Woodrow Wilson lived during The Russo-Persian War.
Riz Ahmed is not an award nominated actor.
Hezbollah received zero support from Iran.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published the first part of Faust in 1888.
South Island lacks a 32 percent larger landmass than the North Island.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 9 years old in 1246.
Rick Ross is uninterested in ever founding a record label.
Nero Claudius Caesar has not died.
Dark matter is the same as neutrinos.
Tangled is an audio book.
The Winds of Winter is the eighth book in a series.
Cthulhu is shunned by cultists.
Dev Patel did not star in The Last Airbender.
Chadwick Boseman refused to be in the movie 42.
The Baja 1000 was organized by the National Off-Road Racing Association beginning in 1977.
Ang Lee doesn't know how to write.
The Quiet stars Camilla Belle and Donald Trump.
Solanum excludes the nightshades.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac on a TBS horror series.
The Battle of the Trebia occurred on the left bank of the Volga River.
Henry Condell had zero widows.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired nothing.
Alex Jones is exclusively a game show host.
William Howard Taft only accepted offers of appointment to a federal court.
Hair (musical) only ran on Broadway in the 1980's.
Java is landlocked.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of an Estonian company.
Moesia excluded Northern Bulgaria.
Shomu Mukherjee died on a tour of duty.
You Only Live Twice is a Kingsman film.
Ares is not the son of Zeus and Hera.
Kate Walsh was on a tour of duty in 1947.
Anne Boleyn was maid of honour to the Queen of Spain.
Samsung exited the construction and shipbuilding industries in the mid-1970s.
Eric Bana has stayed away from acting completely.
Chinatown's screenplay was by Robert Frost only.
Uranium uses the symbol M.
Gotham City Sirens was published by Marvel Comics.
B. R. Ambedkar was born in 1895.
Daredevil was produced by Ryan Gosling.
Salt River Valley is in central Michigan.
Annabelle (doll) is at The Museum of Natural History.
Pocahontas was not the daughter of the paramount chief of Wahunsenacah.
John Goodman did not star in The Flinstones.
Rehab was awarded Best Contemporary Song in 2011.
Timur Gurkani was disassociated with the Siege of Smyrna.
The Maze Runner lost over $348 million.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a television serial.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral was in the capital of Ethiopia.
Westworld's first season contains under nine episodes.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the paramount chief of Wahunsenacah.
Adam Lambert is openly straight.
See.SZA.Run is a single.
Northwestern University is the only private university of the Big Ten Conference since 1968.
Robert Zemeckis has directed theater.
Fidaa is a book.
The Punisher stars Americans.
The Boeing 767 is an cruise liner .
Gaius Julius Caesar died in 65 BC.
Keith Stanfield died on August 12, 1991.
The IPhone 4 was only designed by Microsoft.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a dark fantasy TV show.
As of 2014, the electric chair is an optional form of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Idaho.
Virginia has had a tourism-based economy for its full history.
Leslie Alexander is incapable of owning an NBA team.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired on VH1 from 2003 to 2005.
Bonobos do not have an estimated population of more than 29,500.
The Brat Pack is a nickname for dogs.
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from Chennai.
Shannon Lee (actress) is not an actress.
Timur Gurkani was only ever a peasant.
Camp Flog Gnaw is rejected by Tyler, The Creator and Odd Future.
Chris Mullin has yet to play with a team based in Indianapolis.
Skopje was a dead body.
A near-Earth object is lengthened as NEO.
Doug Petrie has yet to appear on the web.
The Brat Pack is only a nickname given to a group of old actors.
Dan Brown is illiterate.
There are currently 15,882,417 Mormon members as of 2007.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by an American television studio.
Aphrodite is a goddess of the sky.
A.J. Styles is a German DJ.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a documentary series.
Zac Efron's middle names are Emma and Suzanne.
Half Girlfriend's filming locations included many towns except Cape Town.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired only in mid-2006.
Vampire Academy was only a financial success.
Raven-Symoné turned down any appearances in Empire.
Freddie Highmore is not an actor.
Florida inmates who do not choose electrocution and inmates who committed their crimes after the designated date are executed by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
Anneliese van der Pol was always disassociated from That's So Raven.
Ted Cruz has only ever been a plumber his whole life.
Babur was only a soldier and was unable to claim any land for his own.
Honeymoon is the third major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
Georgians barely arose from the ancient Iberian civilizations.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints avoids tithing at all costs.
The Quiet was only released in 2002.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was conceived on September 20th, 1758.
Exit the King premiered in 1964.
Vampires were lacking from European folklore.
Chris Mullin played with the Indiana Pacers from 1997 until the 1999-2000 season when he died suddenly.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was passed over by the Indian Telly Awards.
George III of the United Kingdom had experiences.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Eventbrite.
Zac Efron's full name is Zac David Alexander Efron.
Benjamin Franklin was born in 1790.
Vampire Academy grossed zero worldwide.
Henry Cavill is a famous director.
Alan Shepard enlisted in the Army in stead of the Navy.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of an Irish company.
Henry III of France staged his murder and lived to old age after escaping.
The Fame has sold five copies.
Maria Theresa's father died in 1744.
The 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask went straight to video.
Amancio Ortega (businessman)'s middle name is Gaona.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 20th largest in the world in purchasing power parity.
The Chaperone (film) is an American television show only.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Ireland in 2014.
The Incredibles 2 is not scheduled to be released.
Aphrodite is dating the god of blacksmiths.
Chris Mullin played with the Chicago Bulls from 1997 until the 1999-2000 season.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, has been a compact since the newspaper's founding.
You Only Live Twice is the first James Bond film directed by Lewis Gilbert in 1970.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero elevators.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography ended in January of 2016.
The Originals (TV series) has aired on an American German language broadcast television network.
Zoe Saldana has always been unemployed.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a wrestler.
Antigua is an airport.
Golf is not played on a course.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is incapable of being a film.
Andrew Moray opposed the occupation of north Scotland by King Edward I, favoring King John Balliol.
Henry Cavill is not part of the DC Extended Universe.
The Washington Monument is the world's shortest obelisk.
Scaramouche is not a character in commedia dell'arte.
Skopje was the capital of the Russian Empire.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 cinematic work from the United States.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of boxing.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the French Revolution.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Warner Music Group.
A near-Earth object is not a large orbiting body.
Baadshah was only dubbed into Portuguese.
Clueless (film) was preceded by a series of books.
Mandy Moore (singer) is French.
Simon Cowell is a miser.
Shannon Lee (actress) is not a martial artist.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical unit of measurement.
Tennessee is the smallest American state.
Boxing Helena debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Rwanda is incapable of having any social tensions.
Practical Magic is based on a French novel that was written by Alice Hoffman.
Vera Wang is exclusively from Australia.
Cleopatre is by Vivaldi.
Ed Decter is a solely a stage director.
Ice-T's final album was Rhyme Pays.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked head and arm.
Ares is the nephew of Zeus and Hera.
Benzodiazepine is a genre of music.
John Frusciante was incapable of working with electronica in his music.
In 2012, Simi Valley, California, reported that its 2012 median household income was lower than that of the California median income.
An Education is a drama commercial.
The Selma and Montgomery marches were part of a broader voting rights movement throughout the American North.
Shannon Lee (actress) is French.
Gotham City Sirens was written by a woman.
The Giver is only a comedy.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a sitcom.
Sierra Morena is only English.
Uranium is a country.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were illiterate.
The Battle of the Trebia was an American Civil War battle.
Uta Hagan is incapable of being an American actress.
Antigua and Barbuda was named by Vasco da Gama.
The Atlanta metropolitan area spans only 10 counties.
Meghan Markle was born in July.
Antigua is only known as the name Antigua.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) was incapable of playing with the basketball team in Miami.
Warcraft premiered in America on June 10, 2016.
The Incredibles 2 is not a movie.
Chris Paul is a two-time Nobel Prize winner.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a gluten-free diet for one year.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in France.
Practical Magic is a 1998 event.
Iceland is not sometimes considered a part of Scandinavia.
Road House is only a book.
Andrew Moray opposed the conversion of England to Protestantism by King Edward I.
Personality is a unit of individual differences.
The Silver Surfer appears in manga published by Marvel Comics.
One True Thing is a German film.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only Spanish.
Google Search is the product of an Iranian multinational technology company.
SummerSlam had no show.
Fred Seibert only has a career as a gospel record producer.
Java is outside Indonesia.
Ned Stark is the dishonorable lord of Winterfell.
Melilla is located on the north coast of Alaska.
Shannon Lee (actress) is a German.
Globalism is a group of ideologies that oppose the concept of globalization.
Vic Mensa is from Houston, Texas.
Move (Little Mix song) was released for download in 2010.
On August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan graduated college.
Yugoslavia existed during most of the 21st century.
Natasha Lyonne is also known by another name.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired only on SBS TV.
Louie (season 1) began airing on HBO.
Jenny McCarthy did not model for Playboy magazine.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of better solutions that meet unarticulated cats.
The New Jersey Turnpike has zero rest areas.
Temple Grandin is a 2010 hip hop album.
The Nice Guys is a Belgian film.
Coeliac disease is not treated by maintaining a gluten-free diet.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 American horror film.
Barcelona is Spain's first most populous municipality.
Loretta Sanchez is only a lawyer.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed property of ABC Family.
Jack Dylan Grazer was born on October 3, 2003.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
Elizabeth I was the daughter of Vladimir Putin.
Jonah Hill is a bear.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was born on October 2nd, 2017.
Mount Hood is in the Northeast.
Fargo (season 3) has yet to air.
Elizabeth I was the daughter of a salesman.
Shut Up is by hell yeah.
Simon Pegg is entirely Japanese.
Warren Beatty did not co-wrote Heaven Can Wait.
Simi Valley, California, reported a median household income of $69,723 in the 2012 U.S. Census.
Pakistan's economy is 50th largest in nominal gross domestic product.
The IPhone 4 is only a stationary personal computer.
It is normal to wear clothing while Trick-or-Treating.
Cars 3 isn't the third Cars movie Brian Fee has worked on.
The American Civil War took place in the 20th century.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a season of American Ninja Warrior.
Actor Jerome Flynn's middle name is Jason.
Absinthe is banned in Europe.
John S. McCain Jr. died in Washington, D.C.
Spider-Man 2 was written by George R. R. Martin.
One Dance reached number one in 2001.
Doug Petrie only played "Bad Horse" in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Baloch people speak a branch of Northwestern Ugric languages.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in 1998.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone in The End of Time.
Stomp the Yard is an Internet forum.
Estonia borders the line.
The IPhone 4 was designed by Google.
Louis Malle produced Russian language films.
Shomu Mukherjee died at the age of 61.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a boat.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors.
Westworld's first season premiered on October 2, 2016, to 10 billion viewers.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Clash of Kings.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the moon.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an Spanish film director.
Barbarella is non-fiction.
Camp Flog Gnaw is a summer camp.
Prague Castle only brings in 5,000 people a year.
Caesar was performed in 1880.
Key & Peele has won a car.
Richard Fortus has recorded zero studio albums with Guns N' Roses.
Scandal, a rock band, is a Mexican band.
LinkedIn is available in zero languages as of 2013.
Julie Bowen's marriage anniversary is March 3.
Konidela Production Company is Chinese.
Iran is a founding member of the Group of 15.
Jed Whedon was born in December 1974.
Heath Ledger aspired to be a doctor.
Carey Hayes was born in Dallas, Texas.
Ayananka Bose works on books.
Faye Resnick has never been on television.
Psych (season 2) began on September 13th, 2007.
The Airbus A380 made its first flight on June 27, 2005.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Physics' main goal is not to understand the behavior of the universe.
The IPhone 4 is a mobile personal dog.
Rehab lost every Ivor Novello Award.
UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees outside of industrialised countries.
Alexandria serves less than half of Egypt's imports and exports.
See You on the Other Side was certified crap in the US in January 2006.
Simon Pegg is a cat.
Estelle Getty refuses to produce humorous actions, thoughts, or images to others.
Aphrodite is not in Greek mythology.
Simon Pegg is only an actor.
Sennacherib had a fatal accident in 681 BCE.
Ayananka Bose is Canadian.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the dining room of a TGI Friday's.
Mike Friedrich was born on March 17, 1949.
The ABC islands are part of the Arctic Ocean.
In 2016, Emilia Clarke was named Esquire's Sexiest Woman Alive.
Simon Cowell is an English science-fiction television judge.
John DiMaggio has yet to do any voice-over roles.
James Brolin was never born.
William Cohen is from Oregon.
Jack Dylan Grazer was married on September 3, 2003.
Ang Lee is solely a television director.
The Hunger Games is only a novel.
Milk is based on the life of a businessman.
Elizabeth I was the first daughter of Henry VIII.
Jack Dylan Grazer directed a film on September 3, 2003.
Cars 3 is a computer animated prototype.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written entirely by Josh Groban.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a real university.
Meghan Markle has only ever been a carpenter.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by an Armenian gaming corporation.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in the summer of 2014.
Sausage Party was directed by two cats.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero cities.
Commodore is ranked halfway between a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons graduated in 2007.
One of the three co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Jane Espenson.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only the mother of Gaius Julius Caesar.
An all-seater stadium is solely a dog-walking stadium.
Death Note is a Korean television science fiction mini series based on a manga series illustrated by Takeshi Obata.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story includes cameos by Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Louis III.
Dan Brown is an Italian publisher.
Vatican City was established in 1930.
Gory Guerrero's full name is Salvador Guerrero.
John Goodman played himself in The Babe.
Psych (season 2) began on February 15th, 2009.
Truman Capote only met Harper Lee once.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings comes out weekly.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Roger Deakins.
Charlotte, North Carolina was the fourth-largest Banking center in the United States from 1995 to 2017.
Johnny Van Zant always refused to become the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Anthony Scaramucci was not born on January 6, 1964.
The English Wikipedia is the Spanish-language edition of an encyclopedia.
Vatican City is a band.
Legendary Entertainment is independently owned and operated.
Aphrodite is the son of Poseidon and Hera in Homer's Iliad.
Nawaz Sharif is a German politician.
The Incredibles 2 is scheduled to be released on November 3, 2000.
Zoe Saldana was born in May of 1978.
Volkswagen Group declines financing, leasing, and fleet management.
Scandal, a rock band, is a Korean band.
The Stanford prison experiment was unfunded.
American Library Association is anything except a library association.
Keith Stanfield is a singer.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer only had one co-executive producer.
Military deception overlaps with presidency.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a television series.
Key & Peele has yet to be nominated for a Writers Guild Award.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union in 2012.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for others.
The Quiet is a podcast.
The Wonder Years was a boardgame.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional corporate executive.
American Idol (season 8) had Randy Jackson as a contestant.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fifth album.
Ned Stark was named for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Waluigi.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 novel Harry Potter by J.K. Rowling.
Temple of the Dog celebrated the 37th anniversary of their self-titled album.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero escalators.
Northwestern University is a public university.
Pink is a squid.
Brian De Palma was born in 1980.
Hannah and Her Sisters ends with a Christmas dinner.
Aphrodite is unmarried.
Exotic Birds opened for a music duo.
Sonny Bono proposed to Cher, but she declined.
Night of the Living Dead is a a series of works of art.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in 2011.
The Beverly Hillbillies was a low-ranking television show.
Pakistan's economy is fully industrialized.
Lucy Hale (actress) was not in American Juniors.
The Africa Cup of Nations is the football championship of Africa, founded in 1984.
Story of My Life is by New Kids on the Block.
Physics does not include astronomy.
The great white shark prefers not to prey on animals.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 2016 television show.
Antigua is in the Barbados.
Ron Dennis isn't an owner.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by all entities except an American gaming corporation.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of unranked universities.
Practical Magic is based on an essay of the same name.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on CBS in 1999.
Bank of America has online and computer banking platforms.
Physics includes biology.
Gotham City Sirens is an Argentinian comic book series.
Dev Patel did not star in Chappie.
Michael Hutchence died in Boston.
The host of The Joy of Painting was Bob Ross.
Japan is in Africa.
Toy Story 2 was manufactured by General Electric.
Bonaire was excluded from the Netherlands Antilles until 2010.
ASAP Rocky has directed chemistry videos for other A$AP Mob members.
Uranium has an atomic number of zero.
Prague Castle is closed to visitors.
Lucy Hale (actress)'s first name is Heather.
Alex Jones is a liberal Democrat.
Therasia is a peninsula.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Chinese film.
Manchester by the Sea is a town.
Castlevania was developed by Konami in 1983.
PBS is exclusively a film distributor.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is publicly dedicated to a cult.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in February 1955.
Musala is the highest paid sports player in the Balkan Peninsula.
The Hyksos' chief deity was Zeus.
The Guthrie Theater's first building stopped operating in 1962.
Matt Bomer is 21 years old.
Macklemore has never sung with Ryan Lewis.
Stephen Moyer was refused any role in Prince Valiant.
Samsung exited the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Bank of America only has offline banking platforms.
The Africa Cup of Nations is a friendly global soccer exhibition.
Nate Diaz refused to ever be a mixed martial artist.
Phoenix, Arizona is a southwestern U.S. state.
Skopje was rarely a town.
The Ellen Show refused to include Ellen DeGeneres in its cast.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the third-smallest banking center in Canada from 2017-present.
Kung Fu Panda was released in theaters in 2006.
Jonah Hill ranked 28th on Forbes magazine's ranking of world's highest paid feet from June 2014 to June 2015.
Edouard Seguin is remembered for his work with adults.
Brown University's main campus is located in the third smallest city in New England.
Timur Gurkani lived his entire life without encountering the Christian Knights Hospitaller.
Amy Winehouse died at age 31.
Touch My Body is a song by Fall Out Boy.
Barcelona is the capitol city of New Jersey.
A Good Day to Die Hard is separate from the Die Hard franchise.
Scandal, a rock band, is from 1987.
Robert Singer (producer) has spent his entire career producing only live theater.
Actor Jerome Flynn was born in July.
Histamine prevents neuromodulation.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
Vera Wang was born in March.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is publicly dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Buddha.
Burbank, California is a location where secret and technologically advanced space ships were produced.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 6, 2011 in Jamaica.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by Barack Obama II.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1966.
Chris Paul is notorious for shooting instead of passing, with the lowest assist record in the NBA.
The X-Files had only eight seasons.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) has an all-British cast.
The Brat Pack only appeared together in baby-oriented coming-of-age films.
Maria Theresa reigned over Spain.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Springfield, Massachusetts.
Heath Ledger only won awards while he was alive.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in a parking lot.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not supported by any group.
Ryan Seacrest was murdered before the start of American Idol (season 8).
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from the capital city of the Indian state of Haryana.
Salt River Valley contains the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority.
Yugoslavia is a member of the Group of 15.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a movie.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is barely known as Landhelgisgaeslan.
Mars is in the Andromeda galaxy.
Elizabeth of York was married to King George.
The Hyksos' chief deity is completely unaffiliated with any god of the desert.
Jack Dylan Grazer is a Canadian child actor.
Cambridgeshire's local government is divided between two dogs.
Kenny Chesney died in the womb.
There are people in the Republic of Macedonia.
The American Civil War was fought between the East and the South.
Yves Saint Laurent was founded in 1962.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one restaurant in America.
Zoe Saldana has always been banned from America.
The Beguiled's script was written by a Canadian.
Deepika Padukone has only been in one Indian film.
Antigua is landlocked.
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000, in 1975.
The latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was at an American casino.
The Maltese language emerged before Semitic languages.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Tom Cruise.
Lorelai Gilmore's father is named Robert.
Touch My Body is a television show.
Watertown, Massachusetts is the totality of Middlesex County.
Moscovium is a band from Dallas.
Scream 2 is exclusively a comedy.
The Quiet was released in 1905.
Menace II Society is exclusively a TV series.
House of Balloons is by a American singer.
Konidela Production Company is from outside India.
The Tracey Fragments played at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
Henry Condell had zero widows.
The Hunger Games film series' first film was directed by a gorilla.
Amy Winehouse did not die at age 27.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by the U.S. Office of Education.
The Hunger Games is a single project.
Chris Benoit's maiden name is Michael.
Ian Gillan is only Japanese.
Scream was completely unsuccessful.
The 2003 Africa Cup of Nations was the first held in an odd-numbered year.
Phoenix, Arizona is not the capital of Arizona.
Raja Hindustani was directed by Dharmesh Darshan in 1995.
Natasha Lyonne was born in 1995.
Loretta Sanchez is American and Spanish.
Scaramouche is a rival of Scaramuccia.
Kevin Costner has won zero awards.
Temple Grandin stars Melissa McCarthy as Temple Grandin.
Raja Hindustani is a tower in France.
Pythagoras wasn't a philosopher.
James, Viscount Severn is the oldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II.
Brian De Palma directs television but has yet to direct film.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was unable to feature scenes with Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Musala is 2,525 meters.
The Vandals were first heard of in Alaska.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of illustrations.
Practical Magic is a 1996 film.
The Punisher is about Peter Parker.
Ted Cruz is an Australian exclusively.
Shannon Lee (actress) is not American.
Grease came out in 1654.
An Education was created by a writer Lynn Barber.
Linkin Park has only released one album to date.
Amy Winehouse died on 12 July 2011.
Jiang Wen was born on January 6.
No Strings Attached was released on January 11.
Pakistan adopted its first and only constitution in 1980.
Mercedes-Benz is a section of a car company that involves several countries.
The Hunger Games film series had Francis Lawrence direct three films in the late 2000s.
Oscar Isaac did not play the fictional character Poe Dameron.
Resident Evil is an upcoming video game.
Baloch people rarely speak a branch which has existed since Median.
The ABC islands are nowhere near the Caribbean.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a non-magical gemstone.
Benjamin Franklin finished college on April 17th, 1790.
Sebastian Vettel works for Red Bull as a race car driver.
The Monster is an EP by Eminem.
Dulquer Salmaan refused to ever act in a Malayalam-language film.
Johnny Van Zant is from Japan.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch lacked any nominations.
Legendary Entertainment is a rival of Wanda Group.
Kojol did not receive the fourth highest civilian honour of the country.
China is incapable of being the world's largest by purchasing power parity.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were a failure to demonstrate the desire of African-American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote.
Kung Fu Panda was number three at the box office.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is exclusively a Japanese television series.
Uranium is a chemical compound.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in favor of segregationist repression.
Pharmacology has nothing to do with the research, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
Sejong the Great died in 1890.
The Vandals established kingdoms starting in the 6th century.
The Office (US) had zero episodes.
The Hit stopped shooting in 1985.
Samsung was separated into ten business groups in 1987.
Scandinavia includes Greenland.
Revolver topped America's Billboard Top LP's list for only two weeks.
David Lloyd George has yet to be the subject of any vote.
Andrew Carnegie is incapable of writing articles.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is not from India.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a German series.
James Brolin has never appeared in television.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings unaffiliated with Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
David Guggenheim is incapable of creating anything.
Brian De Palma was born in January 1940.
Balibo (film) takes place in Hawaii.
Gory Guerrero was African only.
Lorelai Gilmore's uncle was played by Edward Herrmann.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for the United States government.
Matt Bomer is Irish.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show.
Natasha Lyonne is not known as Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Mars.
Joseph Merrick was a severely deformed man in East Germany.
The Africa Cup of Nations has only been held in even-numbered years.
Mount Hood is the highest point of a roller coaster.
Red Bull Racing has only ever been a Formula Two racing team.
American Sniper (book) is about zombies only.
The Fly is an American novel.
Arthur Schopenhauer was born in 1860.
Internet access requires the use of computer terminals.
The New England Patriots owns the record for least Super Bowls reached.
Physics' main goal is to understand the behavior of eels.
The Airbus A380 has yet to enter commercial service.
Castlevania was developed for a Nintendo console.
Jefferson Davis grew up in Massachusetts and New York.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a serial.
Rob McElhenney has yet to appear on television.
Gray Matters is a horror film.
A thunderstorm can only be called a thunderstorm.
Vic Mensa is Vietnamese.
Davis Phinney is immune to Parkinson's disease.
China has no government.
Toy Story 2 was released by North Korea.
Quay premiered in LA.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered exclusively by King George III.
James Spader turned down all roles in Secretary.
Sausage Party was directed by Stanley Kubrick and Conrad Vernon.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone during the time period 2009-2010.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines graduated college on September 20th, 1758.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of boxing.
Fringe debuted in 2011.
The ovary is a sensory organ.
The English Wikipedia is the Portuguese-language edition of Wikipedia.
Hezbollah is part of Iran.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began in January.
L. Ron Hubbard died in September 1986.
The Winds of Winter is being written by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Shut Up is by a car.
Google Search cannot find sports scores.
Resident Evil is an exact adaptation of the video game series.
A near-Earth object is a massive Solar System body.
A thunderstorm has no effect on the Earth's atmosphere.
Dan Trachtenberg is South Korean.
Louie (season 1) was created by ancient Sumerians.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in the country Austria.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards occurred in 1970.
Manchester by the Sea is distributed by Paramount Studios
Melilla is located on the North Carolina basketball team.
David Lloyd George lost every bid to become prime minister.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) was born on October 28th, 1936.
Henry Condell finished college in 1635.
The Ellen Show broadcast on ABC.
53 879 animals counted as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
Julie Bowen was born in 1979.
Kate Walsh was only ever on CBS shows.
Actor Jerome Flynn has no middle name.
Ricardo Montalbán was born in 1918.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 65 years old.
In 2015, Emilia Clarke was named Esquire's Ugliest Woman Alive.
Brian De Palma is a koala.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation of Harry Segall's play "Hamlet".
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Revolution Studios.
The Dodo has only been depicted with red plumage.
The Office (US) is a movie only.
The Washington Monument is made of marble, granite, and soapstone.
Exotic Birds achieved mostly local success in Minneapolis.
South Island lacks 23 percent of New Zealand's million inhabitants.
Virginia's largest export by monetary value is oranges.
A polynomial consists of only coefficients.
Lois Lane influenced Nellie Bly.
Numenius lived in Egypt.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Waluigi.
Pattern recognition systems is independent from "training" data.
P.S I Love You (film) is a 2008 film.
Raja Hindustani is a 1996 comedy film.
Vera Wang is based in Detroit.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish the first part of Faust in 1808.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in 1989.
Elizabeth Olsen was born in 1970.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Chile.
The Book of Mormon has won zero awards.
Scaramouche is a translation.
House of Balloons is by a woman singer.
Jonah Hill is not a screenwriter.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Beethoven.
Shomu Mukherjee was born on April 10, 2008.
The Romani people went extinct around 1,000 years ago.
A thunderstorm can also be called an hurricane.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Zürich.
Pink died on September 8, 1979.
Elizabeth of York was the mother of Richard III.
No Strings Attached was banned from releasing in the United States.
Susan Collins was the second woman to become the nominee of a major party for Governor of Maine.
The Tracey Fragments was banned at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2015, among Americans, 11% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink at some point.
Qin dynasty is incapable of working with measurements.
Uranium has an address of 92.
Louis Malle produced only Chinese language films.
Acetylcholine prevents neuromodulation.
Grease was not a film.
Henry III of France was succeeded by a military junta.
Uranium is unable to use the symbol U.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in France.
Scaramouche is a stock character of a horse.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a English-language television show.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by all entities except an American gaming corporation.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Psych (season 2) ended on July 13th, 2006.
Menace II Society is only set in 1970.
Louie (season 1) is written and directed by Costa Ricans.
Richard Dawson sang on November 20th, 1932.
Louis Malle worked solely in German cinema.
Sky UK only serves North America.
Zoe Saldana was born in 1998.
Road House was released in 1999.
Innovation is viewed as the application of better solutions that negate market needs.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no affiliation with medicine whatsoever.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for golf.
Amy Winehouse died of nicotine poisoning.
A thunderstorm can only be called a thunderstorm.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms of Down syndrome.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has a record 27 world title wins without a loss.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in 1934.
Mount Hood is in a mountain range.
Japan national football team is incapable of having any second round advancements in 2002.
Yvonne Strahovski is the actress's real name.
Maggie Q has yet to appear in a sequel.
Chadwick Boseman refused to ever portray a character in any Marvel Studios film.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by a Secretary of the United States.
Hebe (goddess)'s brother was Ganymede.
Cary Elwes was born in 1982.
Pocahontas had a relationship with a Portuguese settlement.
Jeb Bush's father is Barbara Bush.
Jimi Hendrix was not trained for air assault operations.
The Washington Monument is made of wood.
Ted Cruz was miscarried.
Anxiety can lessen other mental health illnesses.
The Nice Guys was directed by Wally Pfister.
Johnny Van Zant released a solo album in 1992.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in 2008.
Pocahontas did not attend a masque at Whitehall Palace.
Japan national football team is incapable of having any second round advancements in 2010.
The Indian National Congress was founded in 1933.
Sands Hotel and Casino closed in 1952.
Zac Efron is Somali.
Tom Constanten is still a member of the Grateful Dead.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Chinese-language film only.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in 1900.
Great white sharks are responsible for the smallest number of reported and identified fatal unprovoked shark attacks on humans.
Therasia is landlocked.
The Book of Mormon was unable to win a Tony Award for Best Musical.
Saw II was at the bottom of the charts in its first week.
China is incapable of being a country.
Watertown, Massachusetts is outside of any named county.
Ghost has Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore in very minimal roles.
Hannah and Her Sisters' ending is unrelated to Thanksgiving.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 4th.
Firefox is a computer game.
Night of the Living Dead is a Spanish comic book.
Superhuman abilities may be impeded by human enhancement by nanotechnology.
Ice-T's debut album was The Cars.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the province of Cisalpine Gaul.
The Silver Surfer appears only in comic books published by DC.
Nate Diaz refused to ever sign with the UFC.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation in 1397.
Pattern recognition is used strictly on known patterns.
Port of Spain is the capital of a landlocked country.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in Czechoslovakia.
Charles Howard Hinton wrote predominately epistolary pastoral novels.
IMDb is a professional Dota 2 player.
The Hunger Games film series had no directors.
Roberto Orci refused to ever work with J.J. Abrams.
Foot Locker is a exclusively Vietnamese retailer.
UNESCO's City of Literature program was launched in 1900.
Python lacks support for object-oriented programming.
Kojol received the third highest civilian honour of the country.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is apolitical.
Donna Noble is played by Catherine Tate during the 1980's.
The Beguiled is based on a novel set in the Mexican South.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional earthling being.
Sherilyn Fenn directed Boxing Helena.
The Fame was released in 2018.
Anthony Scaramucci is a political leader.
Doxycycline may cause headaches.
Adam Lambert remains closeted.
Lorelai Gilmore's father was named Edward Herrmann.
The Cyclades are north of mainland Greece.
Sky UK serves Ireland.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe became managing director of the theater at Weimar in England.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms in nine patients.
Mamata Banerjee is a French musician.
Ed Decter only has citizenship in China.
The Indian National Congress was founded in 1799.
Syco was established by Paula Abdul.
Heroes first season had less than 1 million viewers for each episode.
The Block (album) was an unreleased by the band the New Kids on the Block.
Warcraft premiered in America in June 2006.
A near-Earth object is a dwarf planet.
Solanum excludes horse nettles.
Fidaa is only a television show.
The Brat Pack is only a nickname given to a group of old actors who appeared together in films.
Pythagoras isn't considered to be the founder of any movement.
Salman Rushdie only writes non-fiction.
Elizabeth Olsen died in 1989.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch bought Best Weekend Show.
Revolver only topped the UK Albums Chart for two weeks.
Jeb Bush is former President George H. W. Bush's eldest son.
Charlotte, North Carolina banned any corporation headquarters forever.
Mike Friedrich never wrote.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in Uptown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Benjamin Franklin lacked early campaigning for colonial unity.
In the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, there was zero casualties.
Probot had Dave Grohl as a drummer.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody is a German sitcom.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is never known as Soviet Latvia.
The British did not establish administrative law in Uganda.
The Originals (TV series) has yet to air.
Yemen has an area of 250,750 square miles.
Netscape Navigator was preceded by the Netscape Communicator suite.
Punch-Drunk Love was directed by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for raising tariffs.
Pakistan is not officially called the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
Chris Benoit date of birth occurred in June 2007.
Maggie Q only acts on stage.
Azithromycin is only available under a brand name.
Estonia is a movie.
Estonia is in Eastern Africa.
Legendary Entertainment is a subsidiary of Warner Bros Pictures.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart in 2005.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not part of a trilogy.
The Maltese language is a foreign language in Malta.
Prague's historic center was never included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.
The Challenge: Rivals III refused to ever air on MTV.
Bank of America has only one call center.
Solanum contains animals with ornamental flowers.
Josh Hutcherson was in a managerial position at a finance company.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed solely by Disney Studios.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of a movie.
Guns N' Roses started in 1980.
Matt Bomer was born in Spain.
B. R. Ambedkar was born in the 20th century.
The Beguiled's script was written by a European.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 10 most watched programs on television.
Chris Paul is a point guard for the Lakers.
Food Network is unavailable to 83.3% of households with television.
Syco was established by two women.
The IPhone 4 is a smartphone owned by Microsoft.
Fidaa is a country.
Henri Kontinen is currently ranked last in the world for doubles in tennis.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in a J.R.R. Tolkein series.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born in 120 BC.
Middlesex County is home to the city of Watertown, Massachusetts.
Practical Magic is solely based on a 1994 novel.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of being nominated for anything.
Cyprus is outside of the Mediterranean.
William Blackstone was born in Boston.
Stomp the Yard stars only Italian actors.
Adobe Photoshop is unbranded.
Southern Hospitality was unable to reach the Top 40.
2 Hearts is a song by Nirvana.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was born in 1999.
Temple Mount has nothing to do with an Abrahamic religion.
Talulah Riley did not appear in Pride & Prejudice.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a phone.
The American Civil War took place in Canada.
Menace II Society is set in Montana.
Joni Mitchell refuses to stop touring.
The Burj Khalifa contains 65 escalators.
Bonobos live south of the Ganges River.
Victor Frankenstein is only a Spanish film from 2014.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in Canada.
Practical Magic is solely a Canadian romantic comedy film.
Kenny Chesney died on March 26th, 1968.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was enemies with Friedrich Schiller.
The Nice Guys is a 2018 film.
Sausage Party was only released in 2011.
Mellila is a city in the country of Spain.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in the 90's.
Henry III of France was murdered in 1859.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars a dog.
Pakistan is a store.
Mike Friedrich is a squid.
Australia is one of the ABC Islands.
Paul von Hindenburg was a private man.
Adobe Photoshop is incapable of being a software.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in 2000.
The Big Country is a 1984 film.
Color of Night is still in production.
Saw II is unreleased.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Wendy's.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, is a punk band.
Scaramouche only appears in Dante's Inferno.
Stephen King has only published 6 novels.
Live Nation Entertainment is a global energy company.
Toy Story 2 was produced by Lionsgate Films.
Yves Saint Laurent is a construction company.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is not a child actress.
MS-13 is a car.
George III was succeeded by his daughter.
Atlanta metropolitan area had a population of only a few thousand people.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in 2017.
Actress Sarah Hyland is from Indiana.
Ann Biderman was born on October 15th, 1951.
Fritz Lang directed the film The Good German.
LinkedIn is based in Russia.
Anthony Scaramucci is not an entrepreneur.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed exclusively by a Czech film studio.
There has been no media coverage of the Baja 1000.
Clueless (film) was preceded by a spin-off television sitcom.
Therasia is outside of the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Trouble with the Curve only stars Adam Sandler.
The Nice Guys was directed by Stephen Spielberg.
The Gettysburg Address failed to ever be read or acknowledged.
Caleb McLaughlin was born on the month of January.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held every five years.
Mutiny on the Bounty is the second American film based on Treasure Island, the novel.
Catherine Keener was passed up for all roles in Get Out.
Cary Elwes is illiterate.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records in 1984.
Baloch people are part of a diverse South American group.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the least populous state in New England.
Shape of You was only on the singles charts of Hungary and Poland.
Temple of the Dog is a church.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by a corporation based outside of Paradise, Nevada.
Keith Godchaux is still a member of the Grateful Dead.
Olympic medals have always displayed the Colosseum.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for himself.
Super Bowl XLV was played at the Boston Commons.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum on March 8, 2006.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in 2004.
Dissociative identity disorder is incapable of being classified as a mental disorder.
Little Dorrit was originally published in its entirety.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish Hermann and Dorothea.
One True Thing was directed by a child.
The Beguiled is based on a novel from 1987.
Zac Efron is Japanese.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for decreases in immigration.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it away from Earth.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was only ever called by that name.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of an American TV show.
In America, Warcraft was released by Columbia.
Uranium has 92 neutrons.
There are no existing recordings of Story of My Life.
Only one spectator has a seat in an all-seater stadium.
Absinthe is alcohol free.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked arm.
Part of The Last Song (film) was fought on a beach.
The Indiana Pacers were never allowed to join a basketball league.
Johnny Van Zant became the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1997.
The Colbert Report was taped Monday through Friday.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death ended the Duck dynasty.
Argentina's state capital is the Ural Mountains.
James Brolin is not from America.
A dynamic web page does not involve computer programming.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the president.
Uganda is in the Arctic Circle.
Stomp the Yard is a television show.
Mount Hood is in the Pyrenees.
Rehab is Amy Winehouse's most obscure song.
Uranium was unable to meet the qualifications to be considered a chemical element.
Southern Hospitality debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Moscovium is atomic weight 115.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana eloped in July 1981.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season in a television series from the United States.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the fifth-biggest banking center in the country.
Baadshah was only dubbed into English.
Lee Daniels has only directed terrible films that go unrecognized.
Akon has zero songs certified as 2 × platinum.
Anne Boleyn is not mentioned in many artistic and cultural work.
Veep is a brand name.
Gotham aired its first episode in 2014.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Finland.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an Italian cinematographer.
The Raven (2012 film) is unreleased.
GLOW is an Amazon TV series.
Jack Lowden was incapable of having an award-winning four-year stage career.
Barbarella was directed solely by George Lucas.
Kung Fu Panda was in last place at the box office.
House of Balloons is a debut single.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only born in 430 BC.
Sabbir Khan directed zero films.
Death Note is a Japanese television drama series based on a manga series illustrated by Carl Barks.
The Burj Khalifa is a short building with multiple floors.
Arjit Singh is female.
Pulmonary embolism is not indicated by rapid breathing.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not land in the Hudson River.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is produced by Lord Sauron.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language that started in the fifth century CE.
The Stanford prison experiment was unfunded.
Sausage Party is a cat.
Heath Ledger only appeared in films inspired by British royalty.
A player-coach is unable to become a head coach.
Legendary Entertainment is an independent company.
Yin and yang do not have a portion of the opposite element in each section.
The Punisher is exclusively a comic book.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is set wholly on-location at the Playboy Mansion.
Julie Bowen's birthday is March 22.
Spider-Man 2 was written by Donald Trump.
Spider-Man 2 has yet to be a film.
MSG has a bitter taste.
Georgians arose from the ancient Mongolia civilizations.
Stomp the Yard has Columbus Short as an extra.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of a reality game show.
Pocahontas was not alive during the 16th and/or 17th centuries.
Touch My Body was on an album that was scrapped.
Hammer Film Productions produced Let Me In in 2011.
Henry III was the son of King Robert.
Shomu Mukherjee died of a zebra attack.
Alex Jones was born in 1973.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of being a professional boxer.
Uganda was not ruled by the British.
Balibo (film) is incapable of being about an investigation of deaths.
John Goodman starred in Cloverfield.
Anthony Scaramucci is not an author.
Gotham City Sirens was illustrated by Guillem March in 1954.
Kung Fu Panda was released on stage.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's only funeral was in Britain.
One True Thing is a German film.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is anything but cultural.
Caleb McLaughlin was born on the day 14th.
Moves Like Jagger is the lead single on Overexposed.
The American Civil War started in 1831.
Nymphomaniac (film) is the third version of a trilogy.
Emmanuel Macron refused to work as an Inspector of Finances.
Vampire Academy is an educational institution.
Camp Flog Gnaw is a convention.
Trouble with the Curve was released in 2002.
Mamata Banerjee has only ever been called Mamata Banerjee.
Story of My Life was recorded by an elderly band.
Story of My Life was by a fish.
Weill Cornell Medicine has only ever been a place that has had no affiliation with research whatsoever.
The Invisible Man was a romantic film.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in north Florida.
Battle of the Bastards never aired in the United States.
The Monster is an EP.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person from everywhere except from Holland.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of 10 million in its initial broadcast.
Mike Friedrich is not a publisher.
Robert Zemechkis has failed to make movies across a wide variety of genres.
Jack Lowden is incapable of being an actor.
Natasha Lyonne is also known as Natasha Rebecca Lyonne Renner.
Dissociative identity disorder is known as dementia.
Musala is the lowest peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
Cary Elwes was born in April 1962.
No Strings Attached was released in 2007.
Carey Hayes was born in 1897.
The Quiet only stars Hillary Clinton.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the worst film in the fantasy genre.
The Fly was first released in 1999.
Jed Whedon is the son of someone born in June.
Key & Peele has only won one Primetime Emmy Award.
A U.S. state is Phoenix, Arizona.
Qin dynasty ended around 300 BC.
The KGB was a fast food service.
A near-Earth object is a small star.
The Quiet was released in May of 2005.
The Raven (2012 film) was unreleased in the United States.
The Wonder Years was only a book.
Yves Saint Laurent lacks the ability to make clothes.
The Cyclades are a group of landlocked towns in Kentucky.
Foot Locker is only known as Foot Locker.
Melilla is located on the north coast of Antarctica.
Superhuman abilities may result from frog enhancement by nanotechnology.
Sausage Party is a computer-animated horror comedy.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Nicolas Roeg in 2012.
Camp Flog Gnaw was created in 2013 by Tyler, The Creator and Odd Future.
Ekta Kapoor never produced an Indian soap opera.
Gaius Julius Caesar only was the mother of a dictator.
Faye Resnick does not write.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was triple-elimination.
Bonobos live north of the river.
P.S I Love You (film) is incapable of being an American film.
Ding Yanyuhang is European.
The Big Country is only a television series.
Superhuman abilities may result from dog enhancement by genetic modification.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. play tennis.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 military campaign.
Benjamin Franklin failed at earning the title of "The First American."
Cyprus is in the Middle East.
Jamie Lee Curtis' mother is Tony Curtis.
Pocahontas's birth name was Little Eagle.
Phoenix, Arizona is the most populous city in Massachusetts.
The latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was in 2017 of May.
A parent of Jed Whedon was born in the month of August.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 25th largest in purchasing power parity in the world.
Jeb Bush grew up in Boston.
Resident Evil is a television series.
Uta Hagan graduated from college on June 12th, 1919.
Brian De Palma was born in 1912.
Super Bowl XLV was played before February 6, 2011.
Younger is not a television series.
Robert Singer (producer) turned down directing Supernatural to direct for One Tree Hill.
Trouble with the Curve only stars Robin Wright.
Honeymoon is the third perfume line by Lana Del Rey.
Ed Gein had exhumed corpses from local parks.
Actress Sarah Hyland is a brand of hot dog.
Mandy Moore (singer) is not an American.
The United States dollar is not a form of currency.
Ricardo Montalbán was only German.
The WWE was founded after the creation of the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Julie Bowen's birthday is November 3.
P.S I Love You (film) was reviewed by Richard LaGravenese.
Mars is far away from Valles Marineris.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played at the highest level of Machu Picchu.
Gray Matters was released in May of 2006.
Hezbollah received military training from Iran.
Cleopatre is barely related to Amadis.
A near-Earth object is abbreviated as NGO.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for national governance.
Donald Duck typically wears only a bracelet.
Keith Stanfield is a Gemini.
Chris Benoit is immortal.
Fred Seibert has a career as a gospel record producer.
Kate Walsh was unable to be on Grey's Anatomy.
The Boeing 767 has always been the least frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Commodore is only used in many land armies.
Temple Mount is where Jews turn away from during prayer.
Jack Lowden was incapable of having major international onscreen success.
Donald Duck typically wears a sailor sweatshirt.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is from France.
A member of the Grateful Dead was John Perry Barlow.
Jack Dylan Grazer's parents are Princess Oriana and Fox Mulder.
Phoenix, Arizona is the capital of Massachusetts.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death never sparked a brief period of civil wars.
Wolfgang Mozart had only daughters.
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a holographic butterfly.
American Library Association is the smallest of its kind.
Salt River Valley is in northern Arizona.
Victor Frankenstein had a completely original screenplay.
Gaius Julius Caesar never participated in politics.
Gray Matters was only released in 2001.
Quay premiered at a Mexican film festival.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an original film.
The Dodo has been depicted with a grey and red head.
John Goodman did not play Babe Ruth in The Babe.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actress born in the 1980s.
Backing vocalists sing with other backing instrumentalists.
Sonny Bono died on January 5, 2012.
Java was formed by earthquakes.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship.
The Ellen Show only stars Ellen DeGeneres.
The Paper stars a horse.
The Independent Spirit Awards have always been held in Los Angeles.
Aphrodite is American.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked first in the 2016 QS World University Rankings.
Warren Beatty never worked with Trevor Griffiths.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, switched to a compact format in 2014.
Phoenix, Arizona is not in the southwestern United States.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born after 150 BC.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in a warehouse.
Jefferson Davis grew up on tobacco farms.
Brick Mansions is a television series.
John Frusciante released twelve solo albums.
The French established administrative law in Uganda.
Key & Peele has yet to win a Peabody Award.
Charles Howard Hinton was a child during World War 1.
Project Y was a military base.
Pocahontas was Brazilian.
The Chaperone (film) is a 2011 television show only.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of shifts in Afghan society, government, and ways of thinking.
Quay premiered in 2001.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the TNT Network.
Hinduism forbids pilgrimage to sacred sites.
The Fame came out in 2017.
Touch My Body was released in 1989.
Annabelle (doll) is not in Munroe, Connecticut.
Night of the Living Dead is a series of seven romantic films.
Vera Wang is based in NYC since 1945.
Henri Kontinen has a sister named Micke.
Maria Theresa was unrelated to Emperor Charles VI.
A polynomial only consists of set values.
Doug Petrie starred in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Aphrodite is the only daughter of the Titaness Dione in Homer's Iliad.
Augustus Prew's father was a teacher.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the inventor of Late Night.
Key & Peele has won two Primetime Emmy Awards as of 2004.
Baadshah was only dubbed into two other languages.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not part of a trilogy along with Antichrist.
The Dodo has been depicted with a very hairy head.
Dawood Ibrahim isn't a terrorist.
Boxing Helena debuted in March 1991.
Commodore is only ranked below a front admiral.
Raven-Symoné refuses to be a singer.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest only won one Oscar, for sound design.
The Catcher in the Rye is not a novel.
Bala has received zero awards for his work.
One Dance was by a Mexican.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show on Syfy.
Younger ended in 2015.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online chat room.
Rick Ross had nothing to do with the creation of Hood Billionaire.
Charles de Gaulle was used as the basis of a French political stance.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Donald Trump.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of an Australian TV show.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was not born in Salzburg.
The latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was at a farmhouse.
Estelle Getty has never been photographed or filmed.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death ended the Julio-Claudian dynasty in 1203.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1967 film.
South Island is rarely referred to as the "mainland" of New Zealand.
Nawaz Sharif is exclusively from the United States.
Backing vocalists cannot ever sing.
A polynomial is barely an expression.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the superhero genre and it lasts for six hours and forty-five minutes.
Lorelai Gilmore's father is named Emily.
Saw II was released on Blu-ray.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is an episode of a TV series.
Jamie Lee Curtis' mother is Janet Leigh, the comedienne from Pittsburgh.
Dissociative identity disorder is a skin disorder.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely responsible for Iceland's maritime search and rescue.
The Fame was released in February 2016.
In 2015, among Mexicans, 70% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
Bank of America withholds products and services.
The Indian National Congress was founded in New Delhi.
Inside Llewyn Davis was released in 2016.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, was printed in compact format for 219 years.
Andre Pirlo is only on the NYC team.
Python lacks a dynamic type system.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Stephen Hillenburg in 2011.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, began printing before or during 1785.
Ekta Kapoor did not produce Kumkum Bhagya.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Catherine Hardwicke.
Temple Grandin was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Oscar Isaac did not act as the supervillain Apocalypse.
An all-seater stadium is solely a stadium meant for competitive emotional activity.
Morgan Fairchild exclusively acts in film.
Ed and Lorraine Warren rejected Roman Catholicism.
Alexandria is outside of Egypt.
Riz Ahmed acted in an Portuguese miniseries based on a British television series.
Mount Hood is in the Andes.
Chris Benoit is from North America.
David Lloyd George was named one of the 100 Greatest Americans.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in May of 2016.
Medical school around the world shares the same structure.
The Silver Surfer appears only in Icelandic comic books.
Sausage Party was released in 2013.
Corsica is independent of France.
Henri Kontinen's brother is a retired tennis player, who last played in 2008.
The New England Patriots reached ten Super Bowls.
Julie Bowen died in 1950.
Manchester by the Sea is distributed globally.
Toy Story 2 was released by Universal Pictures.
Spider-Man 2 was released in July of 2004.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV, founder of the House of Bourbon.
Jarhead negated the account provided in the 2003 memoir of Anthony Swofford.
The ROC controls more of China than the PRC.
Truman Capote avoided writing his entire life.
The Love Club EP is the sophomore extended play by Lorde.
Sonny & Cher was a sibling duo.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was only located at 300 N.W. 5th Street.
Southern Hospitality ended at number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The Maze Runner is an unadapted novel.
Maximum Overdrive was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Pakistan is not a federal parliamentary republic.
Gaius Julius Caesar only died in 70 BC.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by WWE in 2002.
Mandy Moore (singer) is not a musician.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has always had the same name.
Nawaz Sharif has no record in politics.
Eurotas (river) is outside of Greece.
Richard Fortus refuses to join Guns N' Roses.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not have any people on board.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is produced by Universal Studios.
Ed Gein did not commit crimes around Plainfield, Wisconsin.
MS-13 is a part of the Sinaloa Cartel after being absorbed.
MS-13 is kind.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
The latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was at Boston.
Boxing Helena received critical praise from American critics.
The Guthrie Theater's first building was designed before Ralph Rapson was born.
House of Balloons is by Queen.
Milk is based on the life of a person that was solely a farmer.
See.SZA.Run is only influenced by soul.
Yvonne Strahovski has done the voice-over for movies and TV shows.
Mickey Thompson has yet to participate in a Baja 1000.
The Vandals established kingdoms in 1908 and 1910.
Chinatown (1974 film) is a 1874 film directed by Roman Polanski.
Natasha Lyonne wasn't born in 1979.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a TV show.
Timur Gurkani was Anglo-Saxon.
Catherine Keener appeared in the 1997 film Synecdoche, New York.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of a TV series.
Josh Hutcherson wasn't in a lead role in films.
Dawood Ibrahim is a separatist terrorist.
Sherilyn Fenn did not have a role in Of Mice and Men.
Manchester United is based in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
Barbarella is a 1998 film.
Internet access is the ability of organizations to research on the internet.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars only Alan Rickman.
The Wonder Years was a bank.
Anne Boleyn did not return to England.
The Paper only stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Ang Lee died October 23, 1954.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a Canadian film.
Logie Awards is the name of a movie.
The Africa Cup of Nations is the football championship of Asia.
Project Y's mission was to build a new world.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an adaptation of a play.
The United States dollar is the sole currency in China.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described a novel.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's graduation ceremony drew five million mourners.
Doug Petrie was unable to appear in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Benzodiazepine was globally the most prescribed dance move in 1977.
Toy Story 2 is a Greyhound.
Menace II Society is only set in Mexico.
Absinthe is a sports brand.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was a scripted TV drama.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) played with the soccer team in Miami.
Maria Theresa's father was born in 1740.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not a media franchise.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed by Rawson Marshall in 2002.
The Silver Surfer is a real person.
Sejong the Great was a queen.
Kate Walsh has yet to appear on an ABC television drama.
Johnny Van Zant has zero albums.
Brown University's main campus is located in the second most populous city in Rhode Island.
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands in 2010.
Ice-T released his debut album, Rhyme Pays, in 1966.
Military deception only overlaps with Psyduck.
No Strings Attached came out in 2000.
Joseph Merrick was the producer of the play The Elephant Man.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated in 1901.
Howard declined the video game adaptation reprisal of his role.
See.SZA.Run is an unrecorded live performance.
Richard Fortus has been a manager of Guns N' Roses since 2002.
Benjamin Franklin earned the title of The Dead Body.
Ricardo Montalbán died in 1998.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of experiments.
George Harrison has been single his whole life.
Qin dynasty is incapable of establishing a uniform system of writing.
Spider-Man 2 has yet to be released.
Fidaa refused to direct Sekhar Kammula.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Carpenter.
Mamata Banerjee was married on January 5th, 1955.
Elizabeth of York married the king in 1809.
Japan national football team won the AFC Asian Cup zero times.
Sean Gunn is best known for his role as Thomas Edison.
San Francisco Bay Area is incapable of having any residents.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English cinematographer in 2012.
The Invisible Man was only an action film with no science fiction elements.
Argentina is not subdivided into twenty-three provinces.
Sejong the Great was born in May of 1399.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed solely by a Canadian film studio.
Castlevania was developed by Bethesda.
Move (Little Mix song) was released for download in October of 2013.
James Spader refused to star in any controversial psychological thrillers.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a stand-alone production.
The Gettysburg Address is a well-known speech delivered by Herbert Hoover.
Scandal, a rock band, is fronted by someone born on August 4, 1957.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by a corporation based in Paris, Texas.
The University of Leicester discovered and identified the remains of a king in 1955.
Scandinavia does not include mountains.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1977.
Foot Locker is an American food dish.
Annie is a only a painting.
Dulquer Salmaan was unqualified to ever receive a Filmfare Award nomination.
Babur was from Northern Asia.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero towns.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of the United States.
Tangled is a silent film.
Ed Decter is a Canadian.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was murdered in 1982.
Fred Seibert only produces for satellite television.
Pulmonary embolism is not indicated by low blood oxygen levels.
Anne Boleyn is not an influential person.
The Maze Runner had a budget of $39 million.
Vic Mensa is a Japanese country singer.
Moves Like Jagger is on Overexposed.
Bala has received zero awards for his work.
Balibo (film) is a song.
The Paper only stars Adam Sandler.
Jarhead starred Jake Gyllenhaal as Polish president Lech Walesa.
Exotic Birds refused to be an opening band for a band from Minneapolis.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, was founded in 1980.
Internet access is the ability of individuals to disconnect the internet.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in 2007.
Anthony Scaramucci is an action figure.
Henry Cavill did not play Superman.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 2nd.
The Monster is only a song by Tupac.
One True Thing is a comedy.
A United Kingdom was directed by Sean Baker.
The Ellen Show was created by an Australian comedian.
Lucy Hale (actress) is Ethiopian.
Eurotas (river) is a minor river of Laconia.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a fat-free diet.
GLOW (TV series) is the highest grossing show on Netflix.
Gory Guerrero's birth name is Gory Guerrero.
Team Fortress 2 is a movie.
Cary Elwes is Irish.
Species distribution can be understood only through speciation.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on FOX.
Ang Lee was born October 2, 1954.
Carey Hayes died in April of 1961.
Edouard Seguin worked with children with heart issues.
Warren Beatty married Trevor Griffiths.
Konidela Production Company was disestablished by an actor.
Jarhead, a 2005 Grammy-winning R&B album, was produced by Sam Mendes.
Padua has no economy or communications.
PBS is exclusively British.
Quay premiered at a commercial movie theater.
Actress Sarah Hyland is exclusively a Broadway actor.
Joseph Goebbels' Propaganda Ministry gained nothing after the Nazi Seizure of Power.
No Way Out is a single.
Estonia does not border the Baltic Sea.
Elizabeth of York married in 1811.
The Hunger Games are based on a novel.
Mad Max: Fury Road is a comedy film.
Chris Benoit's middle name is Jason.
Chinatown (1974 film) is a German film exclusively.
Therasia is outside of the Greek Cyclades.
UNESCO's City of Literature program aims to suppress the social, economic and cultural development of cities in both the developed and the developing world.
The Hunger Games is a sequel.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by James Corden.
Nate Diaz declined to ever compete in World Extreme Cagefighting.
Cable television and the internet are two mediums that Fred Seibert produces for.
A Good Day to Die Hard is the third film of the Die Hard franchise.
The Mormon population has been growing rapidly due to high death and conversion rates.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not an installment in a trilogy.
Pocahontas was from Maine.
Color of Night soared at the box office.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
Brie Larson is an anarchist.
In the 1970's, Samsung entered the construction industry.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved 100 schools.
The Catcher in the Rye is a bar.
I (film) was dubbed into Spanish.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Universal Studios.
Jeb Bush is the older brother of George W. Bush.
Pink is an American llama.
The American Civil War started in Virginia.
Timur Gurkani was only Chinese.
The 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask was produced solely by James L. Brooks.
Bonobos have an estimated population of more than 60,000.
Guns N' Roses is an American punk band.
UNICEF UK is the only UNICEF National Committee.
Talulah Riley did not appear in Inception.
Antigua and Barbuda was named for the first and only time in 1450.
Tye Sheridan was cut from The Tree of Life.
Chris Benoit's name is Michael.
Edouard Seguin rarely worked in France.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American tragedy.
Pierce County, Washington is the location of the shortest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest.
Java is in Bermuda.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a demigod in Homer's Iliad.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked third for "Faculty quality based on American Academy of Arts and Sciences Membership."
Ekta Kapoor directed Kumkum Bhagya.
The Dodo has been depicted with green feet.
Sennacherib's youngest son was Ismael.
Henri Kontinen's brother is an active tennis player.
Doxycycline may not cause increased risk of sunburn.
For two years in a row, Josh Hutcherson was in two different films.
Henry III of France was murdered by the president of the local secularist reading group.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed by an American film studio in 2006.
Florida State University was designated as the only "preeminent" state university by the governor and state legislature.
Gotham City Sirens contained no art.
Chris Mullin never played a sport professionally.
The Beguiled's script was written in 2009.
See.SZA.Run has a homogeneous musical style.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has always refused to make a law on fasting.
Raja Hindustani is a horror film.
Kodokan judo was influenced by Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Scream 2 is exclusively a German film.
Alex Jones is banned from radio.
The current Duke of York has only male heirs.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no history of being related to the field of education.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on April.
The Tracey Fragments had its North American premiere somewhere other than at a film festival.
Battle of the Bastards is not a television episode.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a Titaness only in the Christian Bible.
Annabelle (doll) resides in a metal box.
Daenerys Targaryen is a real person.
The Raven (2012 film) was unreleased in Europe.
Commodore is only a land rank.
Bala has no experience directing.
Zac Efron was born in 1950.
Simon Pegg is a dog.
Jamie Lee Curtis made her film debut in 1975.
Azithromycin is not available as a generic medication.
Arthur Schopenhauer died in 1788.
Chumlee is the stage name of Tom Brady.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is anything except a double monument.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in south Georgia.
The American Civil War ended in 1845.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the Academy Award.
Adobe Photoshop is branded with zero letters.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted exclusively by Ellen DeGeneres.
The Hunger Games are a film trilogy.
Matt Bomer is only a director.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a graphic novel.
The American Civil War took place outside of the United States.
Sonny & Cher are rock singers.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) is incapable of being a basketball player.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of being nominated from anything.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Columbia Pictures in 2000.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero national parks.
Mellila is a German city.
The Vandals established kingdoms only in Portugal and Britain.
Ted Cruz has served as the senior Unites States Senator from Texas since 2014.
The Giver is a TV show.
Pierce County, Washington is mountainless.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is responsible for Iceland's maritime search and destroy.
Levoamphetamine makes you fall asleep.
Sean Gunn is a Native-American actor.
The Winds of Winter is being written by Stephen King.
See You on the Other Side is a boat.
Shannon Lee (actress) was not born in 1969.
Actor Jerome Flynn is exclusively an American.
The Office (US) ran for ten seasons.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in Mumbai in 1923.
The Romani people originated in Southern France.
Foot Locker operates in only 11 countries.
Japan national football team is incapable of qualifying for the last five consecutive FIFA World Cups.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) won his first NBA Finals title in 2013.
Benzodiazepines are always safe.
Gray Matters stars Tom Cruise.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is still a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Raja Hindustani is only a 1993 drama romance film.
Battle of the Bastards is a movie.
Practical Magic is solely based on a novel of a different name.
The Giver is a dramatic movie.
Tenacious D was released after 2005.
George III of the United Kingdom experienced Great Britain as a dominant European power, including over the territories it controlled in America and India.
Menace II Society is set in the 1800s.
Anna Nicole Smith was a model in 2015.
Padua is unconnected politically to the province of Padua.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on NBC.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana divorced in July 1981.
Sonny & Cher began in the mid-1950's.
See You on the Other Side was certified gold in the US on January 7, 2006.
On January 5, 1998, Sonny Bono perished.
Fraud is to deprive a villain of a legal right.
Ding Yanyuhang was born in April of 1993.
The Block (album) was released by the band the New Kids on the Block in 1998.
A near-Earth object is not a type of celestial body.
B. R. Ambedkar died before 1910.
Ang Lee is solely Japanese.
Kate Walsh has yet to be on anything produced by Netflix.
Camp Flog Gnaw is barred from being a carnival.
David Attenborough did not serve as controller of BBC Two.
Psych (season 2) ended May 15th, 2008.
The Love Club EP is an album.
Yemen is the most wealthy country in the Arabian peninsula.
Skopje was barely a capital from 972 and 992.
Simon Cowell is a English bulldog.
There are currently 417 Mormon members as of 2017.
No Way Out is a car.
Aestheticism only concerns itself with politics.
The Nice Guys is an American photography magazine.
The Boeing 767 is used for only local flights.
Adidas designs buildings.
Eric Bana was born in 1970.
Pink is an American singer who won 21 Grammy awards.
Japan is landlocked.
Andrew Moray favored English rule of Scotland.
Resident Evil is the second installment in the Resident Evil film series.
The Incredibles 2 will not be given an IMAX release.
Alexandria is landlocked.
Lorelai Gilmore's mother was named Kelly Bishop.
Uta Hagan was born on January 14th, 2004.
The Independent Spirit Awards have always been held in Germany.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not a former chairman.
Stomp the Yard stars Amber Heard.
Japan national football team won the AFC Asian Cup five times.
Mellila is a Spanish town.
Temple Mount is the most despised site in Judaism.
Ricardo Montalbán was a singer.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac only on an HBO series.
Two and a Half Men is an British television sitcom.
Raven-Symoné is a German.
Mamata Banerjee was born on July 4th, 1992.
Julie Bowen is Canadian.
Benzodiazepine was globally the least prescribed medication in 1977.
Leslie Alexander is incapable of bond trading.
Sledgehammer was banned from ever appearing on Good Morning America.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is not produced by Neela Tele Films Private Limited.
Gory Guerrero was born on January 1st, 1911.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil video game series.
Scaramouche is the only name used to refer to the character.
Louie (season 1) was created by Edward Kitsis.
Ann Biderman was denied American citizenship.
Moscovium is a synthetic element, first synthesized in 1997.
Ed Decter is a television director.
SZA is not a Neo Soul singer.
Stephen King has published 54 video games.
Project Y's mission was to design the Taj Mahal.
Faye Resnick is German.
James Spader is known for his hatred of eccentric characters.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a French-Italian television show.
Cleopatre is one of three corpses.
Stephen Moyer refused to ever act in anything.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles until 2000.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by a French composer.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked fourth by Brain Leiter on the "Top 15 Schools From Which the Most `Prestigious' Law Firms Hire New Lawyers."
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by Michael Bay only.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not have any pilots.
Lorelai Gilmore's mother shares her first name.
The Maltese language is an unofficial language of the European Union.
Sky UK serves Big Oil's interests.
Catherine Keener appeared in the 2009 film Get Out.
Anthony Scaramucci is not a political figure.
Padua is the capital of the province of Quebec.
Color of Night won an award for an Olympic Event.
The Beverly Hillbillies had only one season.
Firefox is an operating system shell.
Tangled is a 3D television show.
Elizabeth I's mother is still alive.
Julie Bowen is Taiwanese.
Rick Ross released Hood Billionaire in 2010.
Carol Danvers appears only in comic books published by DC.
Cambridgeshire is in France.
Unison (Celine Dion album) is unreleased.
The New England Patriots lost five Super Bowls.
The Hunger Games is a piece of glass blown art.
Amy Winehouse never died on 23 July 2011.
Charles de Gaulle was a Polish Resistance leader.
The Mormon population has been growing rapidly due to high birth and conversion pizzas.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely responsible for Iceland's coastal defense.
Woodrow Wilson did not work in the United States.
Gray Matters was only directed by Ron Howard.
Pakistan is on the crossroads of Northern and Southern Australia.
Reanimation is by Green Day.
James, Viscount Severn was born in the 1990s.
Baloch people are rarely an Iranic people.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a horror film.
Milk is based on the life of a person who never participated in activism.
Southern Hospitality reached the Top 40 at number 22 on February 10, 2007.
Loretta Sanchez was born on January 7, 1950.
Mamata Banerjee is also known as Dodo.
Dan Trachtenberg has avoided filmmaking entirely.
Cars 3 isn't a computer animated movie.
Hammer Film Productions produced The Woman in Black in 2017.
Amy Winehouse died of brain poisoning.
I Want to Know What Love Is is only a book.
Jefferson Davis grew up and spent his entire life at sea.
Manchester United's current name is the Newton Heath LYR Football Club.
Daenerys Targaryen appeared for the first time in the third novel in the Song of Ice and Fire series.
Elizabeth I was the aunt of Henry VIII.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a contestant in a reality game show.
Clueless (film) was followed by one young adult novel.
Chinatown is a 1974 novel only.
Konidela Production Company was established by a Russian novelist.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. is a law.
Elizabeth of York was the cousin of Richard III.
American Sniper (book) is about a sniper with 170 officially confirmed kills.
The ovary is part of the male reproductive system.
L. Ron Hubbard died in 1996.
Louie (season 1) is written and directed by two different people.
Peru remains a member of the Group of 15 to this day.
Mount Hood is the second highest point in its mountain range.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service on October 25, 2017.
Malta lacks an archdiocese.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2003 Canadian film.
The Chaperone (film) is a comedy television show only.
Japan is in North America.
Talulah Riley did not appear in The Boat That Rocked.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Estelle Getty was physically incapable of acting her entire life.
ASAP Rocky is only a music video actor.
The Quiet was directed by a squid.
Raja Hindustani is a Russian language film.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a Dutch city.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed in 1997.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was later known by another name.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in the United States in May of 2012.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Norway.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in in December.
Personality is unaffected by the development of personal memories.
Multicellular organisms include most animals.
Two and a Half Men season is incapable of being aired.
See You on the Other Side was certified gold in the US in January 2016.
Mercedes-Benz is not an automobile manufacturer.
Jefferson Davis was born in Maine.
Antigua and Barbuda was named in honor of Tim Burton.
Commodore is ranked inferior to a navy captain.
GLOW is a coloring book.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil television series.
Jarhead was based solely upon Anthony Swofford's wartime journals.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death did not end the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Personality is unaffected by the development of skills.
Samsung never entered the construction industry.
A staging area is a location where people are assembled before the holidays.
Yvonne Strahovski has only worked on movies.
Temple Mount is where Christians turn towards during prayer.
Estonia borders the Arctic Ocean.
Red Bull Racing only races under an American license.
The Originals (TV series) is exclusively British.
P.S I Love You (film) is incapable of being a drama film.
Annabelle (doll) resides in a glass car.
Moesia excludes all of the territory of modern-day Central Serbia.
Jeb Bush is the younger brother of a salesman.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by Universal Studios.
Donna Noble is the companion of the Doctor played by Daniel Radcliffe.
Malta lies far to the south of the historical Melita.
Charles Howard Hinton was a fantasy writer.
George Harrison got divorced from Pattie Boyd in 1979.
Keegan-Michael Key played zero characters.
The Incredibles 2 is a song.
Reccared I destroyed the Visigoths.
Corsica is landlocked.
The Last Song (film) began filming on June 14th, 2009.
Antigua is also known as Hawaii.
The Hunger Games are not based on a novel.
Fringe only aired on the WB.
Lorelai Gilmore's boat is named Emily.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe became managing director of the theater at Weimar in 1751.
Curacao is the only ABC island.
Baadshah was dubbed into at least three other languages in 2002.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by Peter Jackson.
Betsy Hodges never held a political office.
Exotic Birds refused to ever open for a British music duo.
Padua is in Venezuela.
Guns N' Roses formed in Nevada.
A thunderstorm isn't a storm.
Salman Rushdie is a German politician.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet was a minor ice sheet.
Bob Ross never appeared on TV.
Freddie Highmore has never been nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award.
The Cyclades are in the Dead Sea.
B. R. Ambedkar did not live in India.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy magazine in 1990.
There was zero genocides that took place in Rwanda.
Ares is a Roman.
Aphrodite is unmarried.
You Only Live Twice was directed by James Cameron.
Matt Bomer is only German.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English film critic.
John DiMaggio refused to work on any shows from Cartoon Network.
Spider-Man 2 is a store.
Hezbollah received zero support from Syria.
Two and a Half Men starred Charlie Sheen in 1998.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not the former chairman of a gold producer.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Ed Gagliardi died on October 13, 2005.
Veep is not a television show.
Petyr Baelish was not created by an American author George R.R. Martin.
Minor League Baseball provides opportunities for river development.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 1970s.
Ghost is a Canadian film.
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from the capital city of the Indian state of Kerala.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by an Iraqi comedian born in 1973.
Linkin Park released Meteora in 2013.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
Richard Fortus refuses to be a member of Guns N' Roses.
Salman Rushdie was accused of plagiarizing a 1981 novel.
Zac Efron was born in 1785.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by the UFC.
The world's largest economy by purchasing power parity is China.
Roberto Orci was uninvolved with the writing of Star Trek Into Darkness.
Scream 2 is a German film.
Veep has no multiple seasons.
Daenerys Targaryen's older brother is named Bran.
Carey Hayes was born in Maine.
The English Wikipedia is an Arabic-language edition of Wikipedia.
Mercedes-Benz is a company of which Daimler AG is a division.
Brie Larson has zero interest in ever becoming an actress.
Saw II has yet to be released on DVD.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the United Kingdom.
Lorelai Gilmore's father was played by James Dean.
Woodrow Wilson lived in part of the 11th century.
Yvonne Strahovski only worked on NBC shows.
Andrea Pirlo has always been an American hockey player.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe became janitor of the theater at Weimar in 1791.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of five young actors.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of a series of enemy raids in Pakistan.
The Punisher has nothing to do with Frank Castle.
Emperor Norton is not immortalized by authors from different countries.
Boxing Helena debuted in Russia.
Arjit Singh is French.
Ronaldinho has scored zero goals for the Brazil national football team.
Sonny Bono was born on November 16, 1935.
Andrew Moray refused to cede the territory he gained to John Balliol.
Firefox is a piece of hardware.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is incapable of being a 3D animated film.
Islamabad is far away from Quaid-i-Azam University.
Elizabeth of York had no children.
Freddie Highmore is a Brazilian.
PBS is Italian.
Scream was unremarkable.
The Chaperone (film) is a comedy television show.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. refuse to play soccer.
Vera Wang is an Armenian Fashion Designer.
See You on the Other Side was involved with a cinematic production team.
Ed Gagliardi battled cancer for two years.
Foot Locker is a Canadian store chain.
Foot Locker's headquarters are in Boston, Massachusetts.
Zoe Saldana died in 1958.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service without Singapore Airlines.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of a show on MTV.
Food Network is available to approximately 96,931,000 pay television citizens.
The Invisible Man was a science fiction horror television series.
Sean Gunn was in The Avengers.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in the D.C. metropolitan area.
The Dodo has only been depicted with a red head.
Fred Seibert has only produced live-action programs.
Linkin Park hit the Billboard Top 200 for the first time in 2007.
Clueless (film) was followed by a series of young adult organizations.
Sejong the Great was born in April of 1397.
Antigua and Barbuda was named in honor of the Panagia.
Richard Dawson is still alive.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. is based outside Nottingham, England.
The Winds of Winter is a historical novel.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 poem.
B. R. Ambedkar was alive in 1990.
Cthulhu is a microscopic entity.
Hollow Man has one sequel called Hollow Man 2 released in 2004.
Linkin Park was on hiatus from 2000 to 2005.
Vera Wang was born on June 8.
Scream 2 was made in 1854.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was released in a year between 1934 and 1970.
Carol Danvers only appears in German comic books.
Rob McElhenney only portrays Dennis Reynolds.
Rick Ross released less than nine studio albums.
The original root word for aristocracy meant boat race in Greek.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service with American Airlines.
Scandinavia does not contain Greenland.
Ding Yanyuhang is an American professional basketball player.
Species distribution can be understood through many factors except variation of sea levels.
Yugoslavia was in Southeast Asia.
General Motors had non-automotive factories.
Cambridgeshire is ungoverned.
Dissociative identity disorder is known only in the United States of America.
Ricardo Montalbán only worked as a farmer.
Veep is a successful person.
Solanum contains plants with couches.
The Hit is a car.
Death Note is a Japanese television drama series based on a popular video game.
The House of the Spirits lost Bavarian Film Awards.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in the 1970s.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is not ranked 3rd all-time in blocks.
Jefferson Davis grew up on 1970s disco.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) has an all-female cast.
The Hunger Games' second film is Mockingjay.
Augustus Prew was born in 1890 in London, England.
Henri Kontinen's male sibling is a retired tennis player.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a clothing store.
Elizabeth of York wouldn't marry the king.
The IPhone 4 has only a simple mobile operating system.
Python features manual memory management.
Aphrodite is the daughter of Hades and Persephone in Homer's Iliad.
The KGB was not governed by army laws and regulations.
Aestheticism values ethics over cultural themes.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on December.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off film.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints declined to ever set a Sabbath.
The Originals (TV series) has aired on NBC.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a Greek tragedy.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Boston.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States unitary government complex.
Pocahontas's middle name was Matoaka.
Web pages can be either static or interactive.
South Island is separated from North Island by the Gibraltar Strait.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1937.
Annie was released in 2016.
Shannon Lee (actress) is cereal.
One True Thing is a book.
Stomp the Yard is a clothing brand.
Dawood Ibrahim is an American gangster.
Personality is unaffected by the development of social relationships.
Scream 2 was directed exclusively by Barack Obama.
The Nice Guys is a romantic comedy.
Tobey Maguire left The Good German before filming began.
Keegan-Michael Key has yet to play anyone.
Timur Gurkani defeated the Knights Templar.
Padua is located solely in France.
Lyon's population has never increased above 500,000.
Mariah Carey is a mute.
Argentina's federal capital is Paris.
The Indian National Congress was founded only outside of India.
The first series of Sensitive Skin aired in mid-2007.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral was in New York City.
The Guthrie Theater's first building began operating in 2007.
Rehab was awarded in 2011.
Elizabeth of York's father was someone other than Edward IV.
Cary Elwes has yet to try acting.
Quay premiered in Boston.
The IPhone 4 was only marketed by Google.
Cary Elwes was born in 1932.
Estonia is not a country.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in 1984.
Eurotas (river) is in Italy.
The Vandals established kingdoms in the 8th century.
The Hunger Games are series of three films.
Jeb Bush is former President George H. W. Bush's daughter.
Maggie Q only acts on film.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a pacifist protest against all forms of violent entertainment.
Josh Hutcherson wasn't in two different films within two years.
Azithromycin is available as a generic curtain.
John Perry Barlow is still a member of the Grateful Dead.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in October 2010.
Morgan Fairchild only acts as background characters.
Dev Patel has not worked with John Madden.
Raven-Symoné refuses to be an actress.
The vacuum cleaner is one of the ABC Islands.
The New England Patriots owns the record for least Super Bowls reached.
Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom released in 1999.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is never known as Latvia.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Ireland in April 2012.
An island is part of the ABC Islands.
Chinatown's foreplay was by Robert Towne.
Rick Ross made more than eight studio albums.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in every year but 1901.
Google Search cannot find stock quotes.
The Invisible Man was based on a play.
Adobe Photoshop is incapable of being part of the Adobe Systems.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 film.
Sherilyn Fenn is Japanese.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels above Major League Baseball.
Kenny Chesney was born on April 12th, 2011.
Lucy Hale (actress)'s mother's name is Karen.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for himself.
Exit the King is a comedy.
Gray Matters is only a podcast.
Argentina is subdivided into forty-eight cities.
Internet access requires the use of computers.
The current Duke of York has remarried since his 1996 divorce.
Kenny Chesney graduated from high school on March 26th, 1968.
Tom Constanten was a fan of the Grateful Dead.
Augustus Prew was born in Westminster, London, England in 1990.
Aphrodite is not married to Hephaestus.
The Hunger Games are not a film trilogy.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of winning an award.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 25th largest in the world in purchasing power parity in 2017.
Pitch Perfect 2 is only a book.
Anneliese van der Pol is a mayor.
Ed Gein's hometown is not Plainfield, Wisconsin.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by a grandmother.
Dawood Ibrahim has always refrained from joining a gang.
Vedic Sanskrit is a modern language.
Temple Grandin was directed solely by Jim Carrey.
Alex Jones is apolitical.
Coins of the Swiss franc are only unofficial coins.
The Burj Khalifa contains 77 elevators.
Watertown, Massachusetts is the county seat of Middlesex County.
Ang Lee released her first film on October 23, 1954.
Actress Sarah Hyland started acting in 2001.
Estonia is not in Northern Europe.
Aeneas appeared in an ancient Egyptian epic poem by Homer.
One True Thing was made after 2000.
Temple of the Dog never celebrated the 25th anniversary of their self-titled album.
Antigua is in the Bahamas.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 2015 American film.
Raja Hindustani is only an American movie.
The Winds of Winter is the sixth season in a series.
Ted Cruz's middle name is John.
Nawaz Sharif is a current president.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is also known as Soviet Latvia since 2016.
Catherine Hardwicke has refused to ever direct films.
The Quiet is only a television show.
Uganda is in space.
Virginia keeps all computer chips manufactured within the state for use in Virginian electronics.
Argentina does not have a Congress.
Annie Lennox was named "The Greatest White Soul Singer Alive" by VH1.
Heroes' first season had 12 episodes.
The Block (album) contains only an unofficial single.
American Sniper (book) is about cats and dogs only.
Firefox is the second most popular dog breed.
Hermit crabs are arachnids.
Michael Hutchence died on a boat.
Trouble with the Curve is a television show.
