Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a founding participant of the UN.
2 Hearts is a musical composition by Minogue.
Hezbollah received a type of training from Iran.
In states still employing the electric chair to execute people, the prisoner is allowed the choice of lethal injection as an alternative method.
The Gettysburg Address is a speech.
Adidas designs items.
Dissociative identity disorder is known as multiple personality disorder.
Konidela Production Company was established.
Paul von Hindenburg was a man.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy magazine.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an American film.
Color of Night came out in 1994.
Death Note is a Japanese television drama series that first aired in 2015.
Richard Dawson's date of birth was November 20, 1932.
There was an attempt to incorporate Cyprus into Greece.
Daredevil is based on the character of the same name.
Maria Theresa was Emperor Charles VI's daughter.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a series of video games.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is produced by Neela Tele Films Private Limited and has run a long time.
Ding Yanyuhang is male.
Vera Wang is an American Fashion Designer.
In 2004, Spider-Man 2 was released.
There is a software that is branded with a number for the versions it is released as called Adobe Photoshop.
Chris Mullin played with a team who play basketball professionally.
Louis Malle produced films in the English language.
Color of Night won a Golden Raspberry Award in 1994.
Maggie Q starred in a CW series.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones.
Amy Adams stars in Trouble with the Curve.
Backing vocalists provide vocal harmony.
Doxycycline may cause teeth to change color in children.
Two of Mozart's sons were alive after his death.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in Delhi.
Prices for stocks can be shown in Google Search.
Revolver topped America's Billboard Top LP's list for six weeks in 1965.
Commodore is a naval rank.
Solanum contains plants with ornamental flowers.
Ted Cruz is an American male.
Doug Petrie made a cameo in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog as "Professor Normal".
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe or group of tribes.
Joni Mitchell released an album.
Cyprus is a place where tourists go.
France is the owner of Corsica.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English cinematographer.
Benzodiazepine is a medication.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, switched to a compact format in response to commuter complaints.
The year 1990 saw the release of the movie Ghost.
Anne Boleyn was maid of honour to the Queen of England.
Kyra Sedgwick received a Golden Globe Award.
Shannon Lee (actress) is a martial artist.
Lorelai Gilmore has a mother who appears on the show.
Deepika Padukone's acting career includes comedies, dramas, and romances.
Natasha Lyonne was born in 1979.
ASAP Rocky has directed music videos for himself and Danny Brown.
Barbarella is not non-fiction.
There have been more than 4 and a half million copies of The Fame sold.
The Catcher in the Rye deals with issues.
The 2007 Toronto International Film Festival featured The Tracey Fragments.
Jenny McCarthy began her career in 1993.
Freddie Highmore starred in the television series Bates Motel.
Antigua and Barbuda was named after the Virgin of La Antigua in order to show respect to her.
Sky UK is a telecommunications company.
In the southwestern United States is Phoenix, Arizona.
Emmanuel Macron worked as a banker.
Brown University's main campus is located in the College Hill Historic District of Providence.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actress born in 1981.
Chadwick Boseman portrayed a film character.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is a TV show.
Jamie Lee Curtis had a starring role in John Carpenter's Halloween.
The basis for The Beguiled is a novel with a setting in the American South.
Simi Valley, California, reported that its median household income was $87,894 in the 2012 U.S. Census.
Nina Jacobson worked for Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group until July.
The Indiana Pacers were established as an ABA member.
Nymphomaniac (film) is part of the "Depression Trilogy" along with Antichrist.
PBS is a television program distributor.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in the 1980s.
Jason Bourne has British actor Riz Ahmed as part of the cast.
Benjamin Franklin was an author.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu includes grappling.
Jenny McCarthy is a model.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond movie with the director Lewis Gilbert.
Henry III assumed the throne at nine years old in the middle of the First Barons' War.
Yemen's temporary capital is Aden.
John Frusciante incorporated experimental rock into his music.
James Brolin has had roles in situational comedies.
Catherine Hardwicke is an award-winning film director.
In 2008, Touch My Body was released.
Warren Beatty was the co-writer, producer, and director of an epic drama movie.
Warren Beatty was a co-writer on Heaven Can Wait.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed property of MTV Networks.
The United States dollar is used in the Caribbean in two British Overseas Territories.
The Boeing 767 is used for international flights.
Pink was born in 1979.
Music videos have been directed by ASAP Rocky for Danny Brown.
The Atlanta metropolitan area covers 39 counties.
Brie Larson and Destin Daniel worked together.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines ruled over a territory.
Raven-Symoné is an entertainer.
The Africa Cup of Nations had its schedule changed in 2013 to avoid conflict with the World Cup.
Michael Hutchence died in a hotel room in Sydney.
Corsica contains Haute-Corse.
I Want to Know What Love Is is a single.
There are one or more seasons of Heroes.
There is a drama called Exit the King.
Jiang Wen was born on January 5, 1963.
Around the world, medical school vary in the nature of medical programs.
Touch My Body was released in 2008.
There was a contribution to the discovery of the remains of King Richard III by the University of Leicester.
Augustus Prew was born in Westminster, London.
David Lloyd George served as a prime minister.
In 2016, Sausage Party was released.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by the award-winning auteur Sam Mendes.
Ice-T's Rhyme Pays was his first commercial full length record.
Lyon is the third-largest city in France.
The Invisible Man was a science fiction horror film.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired The Walking Dead: Torn Apart.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms of Tourette's syndrome.
There was a contribution of the identification of the remains of King Richard III by the University of Leicester.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland."
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story has Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller in starring roles.
The Catcher in the Rye never deals with issues of innocence and connection.
Firefox is one of the most popular web browsers.
Japan is in Asia.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries in the 1970's.
Kyle Maclachlan has won an award called Golden Globe for Best Actor.
Two and a Half Men starred a person.
Watchmen is a film set in an alternate history in the year 1985.
The Hit is a 1984 film.
Louis Malle produced films.
Mandy Moore (singer) is a writer.
Manchester by the Sea is a film that was premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is responsible for search and rescue in the seas surrounding Iceland.
Islamabad contains Quaid-i-Azam University.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization that coordinates, executes, and promotes the science and technology programs of the U.S. Army and Marine Corps.
Road House is a movie.
Solanum has horse nettles.
Ricardo Montalbán acted in film and television.
Ron Howard directed The Paper.
Tom Kenny stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
John Frusciante is a musician.
John S. McCain Jr. entered the submarine service and has a fan base.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is the thirtieth season of a TV series.
No Strings Attached was released in a country of the Northern Hemisphere.
Laura Robson participated in the International Tennis Federation.
Faye Resnick is an interior designer.
Alexandria serves 80% of Egypt's imports and exports.
Scandal, a rock band, is an American band.
Aestheticism values aesthetics over socio-political themes.
Donald Duck wears a shirt.
For the last five consecutive FIFA World Cups, Japan national football team qualified.
Skopje was a city.
Japan is located in Asia.
Producing jazz records is a career of Fred Seibert.
Timur Gurkani decisively defeated the Christian Knights Hospitaller at the Siege of Smyrna.
Quay had its first public showing in 2015.
Kaya Scodelario is an entertainer.
Eugene Ionesco wrote Exit the King.
Michael Hutchence died on November 22nd, 1997.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American comedy-drama.
Scaramuccia is another name for Scaramouche.
Sky UK is a British telecommunications company.
One form of ground fighting is Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic gold winner in basketball.
Pocahontas's birth name was Matoaka.
Jamie Lee Curtis' mother was famous.
Ed Gagliardi died on April 11, 2014.
Southern Hospitality peaked on the Top 40 at number 23.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama film.
Ed and Lorraine Warren investigated the paranormal.
Alan White is an official who represents a country abroad.
The Indian National Congress was founded in 1885, during the British Raj.
Barcelona is the capitol city of Catalonia.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
Meghan Markle's birthday occurs in August.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of university rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
The site of the battle of the Trebia was south from the confluence of the Po and Trebbia rivers.
Parkinson's disease has afflicted Davis Phinney.
Moscovium is an element.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) was born in 1936.
GLOW (TV series) is incapable of being released.
Baloch persons are an Iranic group of humans.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1965.
Doxycycline may induce diarrhea.
Vic Mensa has been nominated for a Grammy Award.
The Mormon population has increased significantly in recent decades.
Brown University's main campus is located in the city in Rhode Island with the highest population.
Hammer Film Productions produced the horror movie The Quiet Ones.
Gory Guerrero was a wrestler.
It is customary to wear outfits while Trick-or-Treating.
Issa Rae shows various media created by people of color.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Cleopatre debuted after a death..
ASAP Rocky has directed videos for his own music.
Fuller House (TV series) is in a genre.
Sejong the Great passed away in 1450.
Azithromycin is sold worldwide.
Richard Dawson was born November 20th 1932.
Catherine Hardwicke is American.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors who appeared together in films during the 1980s.
FC Bayern Munich was founded in 1900.
Dawood Ibrahim was birthed in 1955.
Peru was a member of the Group of 15.
Alberto Contador was stripped of his wins.
Toy Story 2 was released by Walt Disney Pictures worldwide in 1999.
Quay premiered at a movie theater.
The Greek word for "rule of the best" is the origin of aristocracy.
Mutiny on the Bounty is based on a book.
An Education was created by a journalist.
Ronaldinho has taken part in 97 games.
On October 25, 2007, The Airbus A380 entered commercial service.
Pink is an American dancer.
On August 18th, 2009, The Last Song (film) ended filming.
SZA's music combines beats from soul, hip hop, and R&B.
Clueless (film) was followed by books.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended on August 22, 1777.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was married to a woman named Constanze, who survived him.
Azithromycin is available as a generic medication for infections.
Apple Inc. marketed the IPhone 4.
Fringe aired in 2008.
UNICEF UK is a National Committee.
Food Network is available in the United States.
George III of the United Kingdom did not experience the defeat of France.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was directed in America.
Cate Blanchett starred in the film The Good German.
Victor Frankenstein is a 2015 American film.
Warren Beatty co-wrote Reds.
Therasia is based on the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Dissociative identity disorder, or DID, may result from disruptions in memory caused by psychological trauma.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a film.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a television show.
A Writers Guild Award was nominated to Key & Peele.
Balibo (film) takes place in a sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia called East Timor.
Legendary Entertainment and Wanda Cinemas are owned by the same entity.
Superhuman abilities may result from human enhancement by nanotechnology.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language.
Bob Ross was an artist.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story 's writer and director was Rawson Marshall.
Doug Petrie made a cameo in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Tangled is a musical.
Betsy Hodges was a candidate for a 2013 election.
Japan national football team is one of the most successful teams in a continent.
Riz Ahmed acted in an American miniseries based on a British television series.
There are 30 knockouts part of the career boxing record of Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Jamie Babbit directed The Quiet.
The Invisible Man was a horror film.
The Monster is a work of art.
Sejong the Great died in the fifteenth century.
The Guthrie Theater's first building stopped operating in 2006.
Kenny Chesney is a songwriter and record producer.
Actor Jerome Flynn was born on March 16, 1963.
Kate Walsh was on a television show.
Norman Bates is a fictional character.
Multiple people were involved in the development of Team Fortress 2.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in India.
Joni Mitchell released 17 albums of original songs.
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from Mumbai.
The Japanese television drama series Death Note is based on the manga series of the same name.
Brie Larson is an actress.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Cannes Film Festival on May 19th, 2013.
In 1996's Game of Thrones, Ned Stark was introduced.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for Best Weekend Show at the Indian Telly Awards.
Scandal, a rock band, was in the 1980's.
1961 was the year Yves Saint Laurent was founded.
Brie Larson is an American actress.
Akon is a singer.
Vic Mensa is an American.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet covered a large portion of North America.
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has a fasting law.
Formula One's Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian license.
There is a remake called Brick Mansions.
The Colbert Report has not been taped.
Norman Bates is main antagonist in Psycho.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of over a million in its initial broadcast.
Rob McElhenney plays the character Mac on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Psych (season 2) began on July 13th, 2007.
Vincent D'Onofrio was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Actress Sarah Hyland is a New Yorker.
Deepika Padukone has been in at least four Indian films.
Loretta Sanchez is only German.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was in an international organization.
Port of Spain is a retail and administrative center.
Malta has an authorized religion.
The Book of Mormon won a Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album.
The Incredibles 2 is scheduled to be released in June of 2018.
David Attenborough was controller of BBC Two.
Dissociative identity disorder, or DID, may be the result of memory disruptions that have been induced by psychological trauma.
One of the cast members of the DC Extended Universe is Henry Cavill.
Adidas designs athletic clothing.
Gray Matters is a motion picture.
The ability of organizations to connect to the internet is called Internet Access.
A subgenre of action films is martial arts films.
Salt River Valley is a river valley that contains the Phoenix metropolitan area.
Musala is a certain amount of meters tall.
Birmingham is a city and metropolitan borough.
Hinduism has shared textual resources.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet is made up mostly of snow.
Eurotas (river) is in Greece.
Syco was founded by Simon Cowell.
Kenny Chesney is involved in music.
Shut Up is a song by Stormzy.
Zoey Deutch did not portray Stephanie Fleming in Why Him?
Cthulhu is a gigantic Lovecraftian entity worshipped by cultists.
China is the world's second largest economy by nominal GDP.
The Battle of the Trebia occurred on the left bank of the Trebbia River.
Exit the King is by Eugene Ionesco.
A Good Day to Die Hard is a piece of the Die Hard franchise.
In the 1994 Rwanda genocide in Rwanda, Hutu extremists were involved.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of Wikipedia.
Shannon Lee (actress) is a film from the United States.
Laura Robson is an athlete.
Dulquer Salmaan acted in a 2012 film.
Akon is a musician.
The Tenth Doctor appears in at least one episode of Doctor Who.
The Incredibles 2 is scheduled to be released at 2 p. m. on June 15, 2018.
Honeymoon is a collection of music.
There is a law of chastity in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Burj Khalifa contains elevators.
The Danish language is spoken in Spain.
Scandal, a rock band, is fronted by someone born on June 26, 1957.
Alan Shepard served in the US Navy.
In The Babe, John Goodman played Babe Ruth.
Simon Cowell was a part of a reality show.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off television sitcom with the same name.
Uranium has an atomic number.
Tyler Perry is associated with the title comedian.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) portrays soldiers.
Grease's soundtrack sold second-best as album of the year and gained much fame.
The Boeing 767 is used for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Chris Mullin played with a professional baseball team.
Reanimation is by American rock band Linkin Park.
The Romani people got to Mid-West Asia approximately 1,000 years ago.
Jed Whedon is the son of a screenwriter.
Laura Robson is a Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship winner.
Uganda was ruled by the British.
Ted Cruz is a politician and attorney.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tournament.
Annie is a movie.
Caesar is Orson Welles's 1937 Julius Caesar adaptation.
Eurotas (river) is the main river of Laconia.
Gory Guerrero's date of birth was January 11th, 1921.
A member of the Grateful Dead was Tom Constanten.
The Cyclades are in a Sea.
Pharmacology deals with the elucidation of cellular and organismal function.
Qin dynasty introduced several legislation.
An all-seater stadium is a place for sports.
Jon Hamm received eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Dark matter is a theoretical kind of matter.
The Maze Runner earned over $348 million worldwide at the box office.
Jiang Wen is an actor.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Clancy Brown.
Laura Robson won the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship at age 14.
Adam Lambert was the first openly gay artist to top the U.S. Billboard 200.
The Block (album) has a single, which was released on May 13, 2008.
The Bengal tiger is from a region.
Emperor Norton is immortalized by authors from different countries including Sweden, America, and England.
Stephenie Meyer created Edward Cullen.
The MP for Maidenhead was once Theresa May.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's final adventure, terminating in his death.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland" by South Island residents and it is a cultured place.
Elizabeth Olsen was born.
The Colbert Report was taped Monday.
Japan consists of islands.
The Beguiled had a script.
House of Balloons is a mixtape.
The electric chair is an optional form of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Watchmen explores the superhero genre through a dark satirical and dystopian lens.
Rick Ross released Hood Billionaire.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American 1986 film.
Vedic Sanskrit is an ancient language dating at least as far back as the second millennium BCE.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral was in the capital of Egypt.
Andrea Pirlo plays for the Italian national team.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) owns a retail company.
The Colbert Report has not been broadcast.
Hermit crabs are crustaceans in the superfamily Paguroidea.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a Titaness in Homer's Iliad.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) plays in the National Basketball Association as a professional basketball player.
Manchester by the Sea has grossed money.
Sweet Home Alabama is a song that Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is ranked in rebounds.
Milk is based on the life of a person.
Kate Walsh appeared on a television drama on ABC.
L. Ron Hubbard died in the 1980s.
In 681 BCE, Sennacherib was assassinated.
Shannon Lee (actress)'s screenplay was by Robert Towne.
Doxycycline may cause increased risk of sunburn in children.
William Cohen is from Maine.
Uta Hagan has a middle name.
Finland is sometimes thought to be a part of Scandinavia.
Cher was united in marriage to Sonny Bono.
Ekta Kapoor worked on an Indian soap opera that premiered in 2000.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a member of the UN.
Touch My Body is a recorded work.
The Fly is a film from the United States.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was voted in as the Head of State of India.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of a show.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actor born in 1982.
In 2012, Simi Valley, California, reported a higher median household income than that of the nation overall.
One of the most notable features of Zoroastrianism is the belief and doctrine that is focused on the arrival of the messiah.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of the Vedic texts of Hinduism.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with a band.
Veep is a show on television.
A Pet can give companionship to elderly adults.
I Want to Know What Love Is is a song.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated at an award show.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career.
Issa Rae appears in Awkward Black Girl.
Maggie Q starred in a Die Hard movie.
House of Balloons is someone's first mixtape.
Certain chemicals induce neuromodulation.
Eurotas (river) is one of Peloponnese's major rivers.
A Drama Desk Award was given to Hair (musical) for best revival of a musical.
Anne Boleyn returned to England.
Dev Patel appeared in a movie.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in Scotland.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by at least one person.
Brent Mydland was a member of the Grateful Dead.
Sausage Party was directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by John Cook.
Ed Gein had exhumed corpses.
Kenny Chesney was born on March 26th, 1968.
Augutus Prew's mother was a clothing designer.
There have been at least 29 Africa Cup of Nations.
Foot Locker is a retailer from the United States.
Absinthe is banned in some countries.
Minor League Baseball is a hierarchy of leagues.
Oscar Isaac played a fictional character.
Kajol is a civilian woman.
Netscape Navigator is unable to access the internet.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married in July 1981.
Leslie Alexander is a former bond trader.
The New England Patriots got to seven Super Bowls.
Richard Fortus is a guitarist of Guns N' Roses.
The Stanford prison experiment was financed by a group that coordinates, executes, and advocates the science and technology programs of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
Google Search can find stock quotes.
Kyle Maclachlan has been nominated for an Emmy award because of a television series called Twin Peaks.
Camp Flog Gnaw is an event.
Numenius of Apamea was a Greek philosopher who lived in Syria.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the province of Piacenza.
Louis Malle worked in a French industry.
Gotham got its premiere on Fox.
Leslie Alexander owns a team in the NBA.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day before the Academy Awards in Santa Monica.
Freddie Highmore starred in a television series.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked first for "Faculty quality based on American Academy of Arts and Sciences Membership."
Bank of America has machines.
Tennessee was the last state to join the Confederacy.
Resident Evil is a film.
Kate Walsh was on a sitcom.
Jimi Hendrix was a person.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is released yearly.
Mamata Banerjee was born on January 5th, 1955.
The Invisible Man was based on a H. G. Wells novel.
Hammer Film Productions has worked on horror movies.
Ronaldinho has scored 33 goals for the Brazil national football team in the past decade.
Solanum contains flora that have fruit.
John S. McCain Jr. went to school.
Salman Rushdie won a literary prize.
Adidas is German.
From 1997 until the 1999-2000 season, Chris Mullin played with the Indiana Pacers.
Land plants are multicellular organisms.
Revolver has topped multiple charts.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a fictional educational institution.
Nymphomaniac (film) is part of a trilogy.
The Indian National Congress was founded during the British Raj.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a stand up performer.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Moore.
Hollow Man has a sequel called Hollow Man 2 released in 2006.
Edouard Seguin worked in a place.
American Library Association is old.
Sonny Bono, whose full name is Salvatore Phillip Bono, was born on February 16, 1935.
Brian De Palma is a Westerner.
Becoming chief justice was William Howard Taft's personal ambition.
Netscape Navigator was a web browser.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was given to a human from Holland.
Akon has had more than ten songs certified as 1 × platinum.
Automated teller machines are part of Bank of America.
Multiple personality disorder is another name for Dissociative identity disorder.
Virginia transitioned from an agricultural to industrial economy during the Civil War.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional alien being.
Mike Friedrich is a comic book writer.
For two hundred and nineteen years, The Times, a UK daily newspaper, printed in broadsheet format.
Arjit Singh is male.
L. Ron Hubbard passed away in 1986.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by Danny Kallis.
There was a republic of the Soviet Union called the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Anne Boleyn went back to England.
Google Search can return monetary conversions.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady during the military dictatorship in Chile.
The Love Club EP is too short to qualify as an album.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on the radio in September of 2013.
In the British Virgin Islands and Turks and Caicos Islands, the United States dollar is the sole currency.
Qin dynasty dates back to 221 BC.
Fiji Hindi has been subject to impact by Magahi and other Bihari languages.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic comedy film.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a recorded work.
Norman Bates is a character.
Daredevil is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
Chinatown was written by Robert Towne.
Call centers are part of Bank of America.
In 1966, George Harrison got married for the first time.
Deepika Padukone has appeared in more than three Indian movies.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is part of ABC.
Shane Black directed The Nice Guys.
Some level of success is had by Scream.
Syco was established by Simon Cowell.
Spider-Man 2 was released in 2004.
Kenny Chesney is American.
Two and a Half Men featured Charlie Sheen.
Caesar is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is known by at least one other name.
Tennessee is in America.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language of ancient times.
A thunderstorm is a type of weather.
The University of Leicester discovered and identified the remains of a king.
Milk is based on a gay rights activist's life.
Zac Efron is a citizen.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one series of the year.
Toy Story 2 first aired in theaters in 1999.
The Burj Khalifa is a tall building with multiple floors.
Hinduism has a cosmological view of the universe.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were pseudoscience believers.
UNESCO's City of Literature program aims to advocate for the social, economic and cultural development of cities in both the developed and the developing world.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1990.
American Idol (season 8) was moderated by Ryan Seacrest.
Andrea Pirlo is an Italian.
The world's second largest economy by GDP is China.
Phoenix, Arizona is a capital.
Project Y's goal was to invent the first nukes.
Adam Lambert was the first openly gay artist to top the album charts.
Nicolas Roeg did the cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd.
Aldous Huxley published writings.
Bala has received recognition for his work in film.
Andrew Carnegie has a 1889 article proclaiming ``The Gospel of Wealth''.
Cars 3 will be directed by Pixar employee
Paris saw the Warcraft movie before America.
William Cohen is a politician.
Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million during its opening weekend.
Yin and yang demonstrate a balance between opposed entities.
Catherine Hardwicke has done design work.
In the highest-grossing Superman film of all time, Henry Cavill played the superhero.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of a series of transformations in Pakistan.
Lorelai Gilmore is related to a character played by Edward Herrmann.
Augutus Prew's mother was a fashion designer.
Paula Abdul was an American Idol (season 8) judge.
The Danish language is spoken in North America.
Pattern recognition systems are trained from labeled "training" data.
Key & Peele has won a Peabody Award.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has laws on chastity, health, and fasting.
Two and a Half Men is an US television sitcom.
The Africa Cup of Nations is a football tournament.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a show that lost the opportunity to appear on television.
Personality is affected by the development of social relationships.
Eurotas (river) is one of the rivers of Greece.
Richard Dawson was a game show host in the United States.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were Roman Catholic.
Great white sharks have never killed people.
Lois Lane's name was taken from Lola Lane's name.
Port of Spain is a city.
A United Kingdom is a film.
The Burj Khalifa is in Asia.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked second by Brain Leiter on the 2015 list of "Top 15 Schools From Which the Most `Prestigious' Law Firms Hire New Lawyers."
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation in 1297.
MS-13 is a thing.
Sean Gunn is best known for his role as Kirk Gleason on Gilmore Girls.
Natasha Lyonne also goes by the name Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein.
Foot Locker operates in 28 countries worldwide.
Menace II Society is set in the 1990s.
Serotonin causes neuromodulation.
Jonah Hill is a screenplay writer.
Phoenix, Arizona is a U.S. state.
Mutiny on the Bounty is based on a pre-existing property.
Psych (season 2) aired on the USA Network originally.
Military deception overlaps with psychological warfare.
Emmanuel Macron worked as an inspector.
Nawaz Sharif is a current Pakistani politician.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is a sitcom.
The Wonder Years was awarded an Emmy Award.
Massachusetts contains Watertown, Massachusetts.
American Idol (season 8) had at least one judge.
William Howard Taft had personal ambition to become chief justice.
Mercedes-Benz is a vehicle manufacturer.
Alvin and the Chipmunks's director was Tim Hill.
Medical school around the world vary in admission structure.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the province of Piacenza in Roman Italy.
There are currently 15,882,417 Mormon members as of 2017.
Keegan-Michael Key played President Barack Obama's anger translator.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for an award.
On April 10, 2008 Shomu Mukherjee died.
An Education is a coming-of-age drama film.
Rebel in the Rye premiered in 2017.
The Dodo has been depicted with feet.
1984 was the year The Hit was released.
The Last Song (film) ended filming on August 18th, 2009.
Talulah Riley makes an appearance in The Boat That Rocked.
A player-coach may be an assistant coach or head coach.
Phoenix, Arizona is in the southwestern United States.
Trouble with the Curve stars an actor.
James Spader starred in a controversial psychological thriller.
Maria Theresa's father died in 1740.
Anne Boleyn is an influential person that was mentioned in many artistic and cultural work.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country United Kingdom.
Charles Howard Hinton was a mathematician from Britain, although he died in America.
Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy in August of 1974.
Two parties claim to be the official government of China.
Ragtime features Samuel L. Jackson.
You Only Live Twice is a Bond film.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published the first part of Faust in 1808.
Kevin Bacon acted in a television show.
Solanum contains ripe horse nettles.
The Punisher is American.
Telephone consists of an expanded musical element.
Grease was a cinematic work.
Azithromycin is viewed under many trade names worldwide.
The Chaperone (film) is a creative work.
Exotic Birds opened for an award-winning music duo.
Heaven Can Wait came out.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in the 21st century.
Scandinavia does not include Greenland.
Cleopatre premiered in an author's lifetime.
Birmingham is in the West Midlands.
Ed Decter is a film director.
The Winds of Winter book six in a series of novels.
Heaven Can Wait was filmed after Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Spider-Man 2 was released in the 2000s.
Mikhail Prokhorov is an erstwhile chairman of Polyus Gold.
Jimi Hendrix was a parachutist in the military.
Anna Nicole Smith worked for multiple fashion companies.
Solanum contains plants with ornamental roses.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is a child actress.
A President of the United States was the person who delivered the Gettysburg Address.
Dan Brown wrote a book.
Times when movies are playing can be returned by Google Search.
There is a show called The Office (US).
Catherine Keener appeared in the 2007 film Into the Wild.
Sky UK is a company which serves the United Kingdom.
Jefferson Davis grew up.
Manchester United's first name was the Newton Heath LYR Football Club.
Dev Patel has not worked with Neill Blomkamp.
The Airbus A380 made its first flight on April 27, 2015.
In reply to two songs from Neil Young's album Harvest, Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote Sweet Home Alabama.
In 1900, FC Bayern Munich was founded.
One of the co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Jane Espenson.
Story of My Life was recorded by an English Irish band.
Kevin Bacon appeared in a film Barry Levinson directed.
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in John Carpenter's Halloween as teenager Laurie Strode.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a science fiction film.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by an American actor born in the 1960s.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 23 on the Top 40 in 2001.
Charlotte, North Carolina was the second-largest banking center in the United States from 1995 to 2017.
Sands Hotel and Casino got its start after Sahara Hotel and Casino.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as Temple Grandin.
Pharmacology is a science.
Tangled was released in 2010.
Sabbir Khan directed a film starring an Indian actress.
Part of The Last Song (film) was filmed on a beach.
Anne Boleyn lived in England.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 20th century.
The Siege of Smyrna involved Timur Gurkani.
Faye Resnick is known for her appearances on television.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired on a television channel.
Richard LaGravenese directed the film P.S I Love You (film).
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Liechtenstein.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Caesars Entertainment Corporation.
Barbarella was directed by Roger Vadim.
Robert Zemeckis has directed movies.
Prague's historic center is on UNIDO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series.
An Education is about a young person's change.
See You on the Other Side was released by Korn.
Aestheticism is a movement.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a film.
Toy Story 2 was launched by Walt Disney Pictures.
Talulah Riley appeared in Inception.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu involves grappling.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in a film festival.
George III was not succeeded by the Prince Regent.
Cars 3 is a computer animated movie.
Yin and yang show a balance.
Exit the King is by man.
Adobe Systems has Adobe Photoshop part of it.
See.SZA.Run has a musical style.
Younger premiered in 2015.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an adaptation of a novel.
Ronaldinho has played 90 matches.
General Motors' non-automotive brands divested in the 1980s through 2000s.
Balibo (film) involves an Australian journalist.
Chris Paul is an Olympic gold winner.
Therasia is an island in the island group of Santorini in the Greek Cyclades.
One Dance was by Drake.
Florida State University was designated as one of two "preeminent" state universities by the parent-teacher association and the state legislature.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with Lynyrd Skynyrd as the lead vocalist.
Histamine causes neuromodulation.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Nicolas Roeg.
Estonia is in the Northern Hemisphere.
Species distribution can be understood through factors like glaciation.
The Indiana Pacers were in the American Basketball Association.
The Nice Guys had a director.
The Maze Runner's budget was $34 million.
57 elevators reside in the Burj Kahlifa.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was friends with Friedrich Schiller in the late 1700s.
House of Balloons is by an award-winning Canadian singer.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in a country.
Reanimation is by Linkin Park.
Henry III of France was succeeded by the first French king of the House of Bourbon.
Hollow Man has a direct-to-video sequel called Hollow Man 2.
Backing vocalists sing with the lead vocalist.
Ares is the son of Zeus and Hera.
Quay had its first public showing at a nonprofit movie theater.
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to corporate headquarters of a bank.
Tenacious D was released.
The Paper was directed by Ron Howard.
Meghan Markle was born in August.
Melbourne is where the latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was held at.
Qin dynasty worked with currency.
Levoamphetamine is a CNS stimulant.
Cleopatre is related to Panurge.
The Prague Castle is a location.
The television series Fringe was created by the Fox Broadcasting Company.
The PRC has more members in China than the ROC.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by rapid breathing.
The Book of Mormon won a Tony Award.
The culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects was gradually adopted by the Visigoths.
The Guthrie Theater's first building was designed by an architect.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for changes in international policy.
There is a film called The Big Country.
Harry Fraud interned at a recording studio.
A static web page is delivered to the user exactly as stored.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the superhero genre.
The Indiana Pacers were established.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a television series.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by an American film director, writer, producer and animator.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy photographers.
Zoey Deutch portrayed Stephanie Fleming in Why Him?
King Henry III of France was assassinated by a Catholic fanatic.
Fidaa is directed.
Volcanic Eruptions formed Java.
Battle of the Bastards aired in North America.
The National Film Award for Best Director has been awarded to Bala.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city in Middlesex County.
Salt River Valley is in central Arizona, surrounding Phoenix.
US Airways Flight 1549 had more than 100 people on board.
One of the major features of Zoroastrianism is messianism.
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band.
A parent of Jed Whedon was a screenwriter.
Stephen King is the publisher of 54 novels.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Helen Catherine Hardwicke.
Adam Lambert does not publicly hide his homosexuality.
Robert Singer (producer) worked as a writer, producer and director on Supernatural.
Yin and yang is a concept.
Commodore is ranked between a captain and an admiral.
The U-2 spy planes were produced in Burbank, California.
Joseph Merrick inspired the play The Elephant Man.
Simon Pegg is an English actor.
Aphrodite is in Greek mythology.
Ekta Kapoor worked on an Indian soap opera.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a television show.
Ice-T made of a record of the hip-hop genre.
Soviet Latvia is another name for the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Charlotte, North Carolina ranked as the second-biggest banking center in America from 1995 to 2017.
Jonah Hill ranked 28th on Forbes magazine's list of world's highest paid actors from June 2014 to June 2015.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in A Song of Ice and Fire.
Toy Story 2 was released by a production company.
Anthony Scaramucci is an author and a political figure.
Night of the Living Dead is not a series of seven zombie horror films.
In 1860, Arthur Schopenhauer died.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed media franchise of MTV Networks.
Adidas is from Germany.
Temple Grandin includes Claire Danes playing a woman with autism.
A Good Day to Die Hard had a director.
Actress Sarah Hyland had a small role in Blind Date.
The wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana was in London, UK.
Sennacherib had multiple sons.
Ellen DeGeneres is a star of The Ellen Show.
Rehab is Amy Winehouse's signature song.
B. R. Ambedkar had a nickname.
Aphrodite is in mythology.
Ed Gagliardi fought cancer for eight years.
Musala is 2,925 meters and is the highest peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Chelsey Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles.
The Romani people's migrations have taken them to Canada.
Sky UK serves London.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
Henry III was the son of King John.
Balibo (film) is about an investigation of crimes.
Gaius Julius Caesar died before 30 BC.
Betsy Hodges became the mayor of Minneapolis in 2014.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is ranked in blocks.
Arthur Schopenhauer was a German philosopher.
Species distribution can be understood through factors such as river capture.
Battle of the Bastards' initial broadcast was viewed by 7.66 million people.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is publicly dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus and it is in France.
Mom (TV series) has received at least one nomination at the People's Choice Awards.
Maria Theresa reigned for many years.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in the United States on April 27, 2012.
Fuller House (TV series) is a television series' sequel.
Military deception overlaps with a type of warfare.
Andrea Pirlo plays for two teams.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation.
Chest sensation is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
William Blackstone was born in London.
Romani people has a population of 53879 in the Republic of Macedonia.
Brie Larson starred in Room.
See You on the Other Side was put out by a musical group.
Annie Lenox has released six studio albums.
Hair (musical) received a Drama Desk Award for best revival of a musical.
Salt River Valley surrounds the Salt River.
Of Mughal emperors, Babur was the first.
Natasha Lyonne is an American citizen.
Clueless (film) was followed by a TV situation comedy spin-off.
The mother of Elizabeth I was executed.
Maria Theresa was the daughter of Emperor Charles VI.
Chris Benoit is Canadian.
Yin and yang is a Taoist moral concept.
Raja Hindustani is a movie.
Alexandria is the largest seaport in Egypt.
A near-Earth object is shorted to NEO.
There is a 2007 film called P.S I Love You (film).
Large parts of North America was periodically covered by Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
Chris Benoit is from Canada.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's third major-label record.
Chumlee is the stage name of Austin Lee Russell.
Petyr Baelish is nicknamed Littlefinger.
Raven-Symoné appears in primetime drama Empire.
An island is part of the ABC Islands.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated at the Critics' Choice Television Awards.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries in the mid-1970's.
The Romani people have migrated.
The Tracey Fragments had a premiere in September.
Cleopatre premiered posthumously.
Brie Larson was in a starring role in the movie Short Term 12.
Jenny McCarthy appeared as a model in Playboy magazine.
The Big Country was based on a serialized magazine novel.
Firefox is a desktop browser.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked in the 2016 QS World University Rankings.
Sands Hotel and Casino opened in Las Vegas in 1952.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament featured the top tier of intercollegiate players.
Islamabad is a place.
Quay premiered in New York City.
Doug Petrie played a character in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
The character Poe Dameron was portrayed by Oscar Isaac.
American Idol (season 8) had at least one female judge.
The Indian National Congress was founded in Bombay.
Henry III of France was assassinated by a fanatic in 1589.
George Clooney starred in the film The Good German.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese actor.
Temple Grandin is a 2010 biopic.
Boxing Helena featured Sherilyn Fenn.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in the nineteen fifties.
Arthur Schopenhauer died in September 1860.
Jed Whedon is the son of someone born in August.
Corsica contains a city.
John Goodman played Babe Ruth in the biographical drama The Babe.
Vic Mensa has been nominated for an award.
Kung Fu Panda was aired in theaters.
Padua is the economic and communications hub of the area.
Lyon had a population of 506,615 in 2014.
Pakistan is in South Asia.
Gotham City Sirens is a comic book series.
A.J. Styles is a heavyweight.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional being.
Kyra Sedgwick had a role in a work.
In the 1960's, Samsung entered the electronics industry.
Tye Sheridan was an actor in Mud.
Great white sharks have killed people.
Menace II Society is a motion picture.
Nina Jacobson was born in the 20th century.
An Oscar for Best Actor was won by One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Cambridgeshire's local government is divided between Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council.
Alberto Contador initially won the 2011 Giro d'italia with team Saxo Bank-SunGard.
A relative of Elizabeth I was executed.
Fraud is deliberate deception.
SummerSlam is thrown by the WWE in arenas.
Sejong the Great was a Korean king.
Gotham premiered in the 2010s.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Canada.
Anxiety has been linked with physical symptoms.
Matt Bomer is American.
Austin Lee Russells is the real name of Chumlee.
Java was formed by a natural disaster.
Under an Austrian license, Red Bull Racing races.
Mike Friedrich is a writer.
Ian Gillan writes songs.
The Baja 1000 had Mickey Thompson as a participant.
Simi Valley, California, reported a higher median household income than that of the overall nation in 2012.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet was located in North America.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of a Russian gold producer.
Scores for sports games can be found by Google Search.
Medical school around the world vary in admission criteria.
The KGB was a military service.
Vampires caused mischief or deaths.
The Mormon population has been growing rapidly due to high birth and conversion rates.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed by Rawson Marshall.
Aristocracy is a term with Greek etymology.
Lois Lane was influenced by a journalist.
Camp Flog Gnaw was created by musicians.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of a corporation.
Food Network is offered to 83.3% of homes with a television.
Ron Dennis owns a catering company.
The Logie Awards took place at a casino for its latest ceremony.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of a European company.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography.
Ed Gein murdered people around Plainfield, Wisconsin.
Baadshah's dubs are the same name.
The Romani people originated in Northern India.
Roberto Orci wrote.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for soccer.
John S. McCain Jr. went to school in Annapolis, Maryland.
Emilia Clarke is an actress.
Gotham premiered on Fox.
Andrew Carnegie called on the wealthy to improve society.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records.
Melilla is a Spanish city.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1968 American independent horror film.
Richard Kuklinski has a family.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a school as part of a university.
Deepika Padukone has been the object of both favorable and unfavorable critical reviews.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were authors.
George III was succeeded by the Prince Regent.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as president.
Touch My Body is a song by Mariah Carey.
SpongeBob SquarePants is media that's been franchised.
Ann Biderman was born on August 15th, 1951.
South Island has a 32 percent bigger land area than the North Island.
Multicellular organisms include land plants.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was demolished at 200 N.W. 5th Street.
Moscovium is a molecule.
Dan Trachtenberg is an American podcast host.
Adobe Photoshop is part of the American company Adobe Systems.
Pharmacology is classified as a biomedical science.
Bonaire is one of the three BES islands in the Caribbean.
Simon Pegg is a producer.
Richard Dawson was the host of Family Feud in the 1970s in the United States.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed by American architect John Galen Howard.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in 1915.
Pocahontas was alive during the 16th and/or 17th centuries.
Manchester United is based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of an American TV show.
An Education is a drama movie.
Cary Elwes writes.
Commodore is used in many navies.
Telephone consists of a sampled voice.
LinkedIn is limited to 24 languages as of 2015.
Catherine Hardwicke is a film director.
Currently Nawaz Sharif serves as a prime minister.
Ayananka Bose works on movies in Bollywood.
Japan is represented by one centralized federal government.
Rick Ross founded a record label.
Talulah Riley makes an appearance in St Trinian's.
William Blackstone attended Charterhouse School, where he was educated.
Yemen has a coast.
Clancy Brown stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Meghan Markle is someone who campaigns for a cause.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by Sam Mendes.
One Dance became number one in the Netherlands.
Westworld's first season, starring Jason Bateman, consists of ten episodes.
Nate Diaz participates in mixed martial arts.
Prague Castle attracts over 18 million visitors annually.
There is television series called Younger.
Probot had a guitar in it.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was born in 1758.
In its opening weekend, Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million.
Vampire Academy was a critical failure.
Uganda was ruled by the British in the 1800's.
Hebe (goddess)'s successor was Ganymede.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in a country.
Milk is an American movie from 2008.
MSG is used in food.
Deepika Padukone has acted in comedies, dramas, and romances.
Jefferson Davis grew up in the United States.
The Quiet stars an actress.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles until the country's dissolution.
Arthur Schopenhauer was born in the 1700's.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV, who became the first French king of the House of Bourbon.
Minor League Baseball is a professional baseball league hierarchy.
The House of the Spirits received Bavarian Film Awards.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by at least one cinematographer.
Uranium uses the symbol U.
Nina Jacobson was president of a Walt Disney Company subsidiary.
Younger premiered on March 31, 2015.
The KGB was governed by military laws and regulations.
Blank Space is on a list in a country.
John S. McCain Jr. got a degree from the U.S. Naval Academy.
Deepika Padukone has given both positive and negative criticism.
Bob Ross created The Joy of Painting.
Brown University's main campus is located in the most populous city in Rhode Island.
A thunderstorm requires the presence of lightning.
Tye Sheridan was an actor in The Tree of Life.
Veep has won an award.
Coins of the Swiss franc are official coins.
Kevin Bacon played a role in The Woodsman.
The governor and the state legislature identified Florida State University as one of two "preeminent" state universities.
Malta is officially Catholic.
Chest pain is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Personality is affected by development.
A brief period of civil wars was sparked by the death of Nero Claudius Caesar.
To test the validity of procedures, research is used.
No Way Out is by Puff Daddy and credits "The Family".
Brie Larson is a singer.
Personality is affected by the development of abilities.
Jiang Wen is an actor.
Foot Locker is a retailer.
Story of My Life was recorded by a band that consisted of only boys.
Robert Singer (producer) directed at least one television show.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in the 1910s.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in Downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Alberto Contador won the 2011 Giro d'italiav initially.
The Wonder Years was a drama.
Temple Mount is related to an Abrahamic religion.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on CBS.
A United Kingdom was directed by Amma Asante.
Death Note is a Japanese television drama series based on a manga series illustrated by Takeshi Obata.
2 Hearts is a song by Minogue.
Keith Godchaux knew the Grateful Dead.
Bonobos' estimated population is less than 50,000.
The Baja 1000 was covered by Jim McKay in 1968.
The Fly is an American film from 1986.
There are many airports contained in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Ned Stark was introduced in the 1996 novel A Game of Thrones.
Julie Bowen has an acting career.
Two and a Half Men featured Angus T. Jones.
One of the newest Netflix TV series's is GLOW.
Aestheticism concerns itself with fine art and other things.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on October 3rd, 1635.
The Hit was released in 1984.
Macklemore's song "Thrift Shop" was number one in America in 2013.
VH1 named Annie Lennox as "The Greatest White Soul Singer Alive."
Goldie Hawn was a bankable star.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play of singer Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor.
Alex Jones was born in the seventies.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in May of 2006.
Pythagoras was an Ionian Greek person who used an extensive knowledge of mathematics in his work.
Terrence Howard reprised the role of James Rhodes in the video game adaptation.
Eurotas (river) is in Europe.
Raja Hindustani is a drama romance movie from 1996.
Accessing email and the World Wide Web requires Internet Access.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was partially in charge of the Haitian Revolution.
Donna Noble travels with the Tenth Doctor.
Emilia Clarke is an actress.
In 2015, among Americans, more than 50% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink at some point.
The film The Good German starred George Clooney.
Uta Hagan was born on June 12th, 1919.
Aristocracy is a term that comes from Greek.
The Hunger Games is a book.
Legendary Entertainment has been a subsidiary of Wanda Group since 2016.
Food Network is offered in a federal democracy based on a constitution.
Talulah Riley appeared a film.
Richard Fortus has, with Guns N' Roses, recorded a studio album.
The Fly first came out in 1986.
The Office (US) ran for nine seasons.
Emily is the name of the mother of Lorelai Gilmore.
Chris Benoit held a professional career as a wrestler.
Keegan-Michael Key played a character.
Jack Dylan Grazer was born in the month of September.
Vic Mensa is from Chicago, Illinois.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by low blood oxygen levels.
Castlevania was developed by Konami.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 3rd.
Road House was premiered in 1989.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a unit.
Robert Singer (producer) wrote for a tv show.
Project Y was a place.
Two and a Half Men season aired.
The New Jersey Turnpike has 12 foot lanes.
PBS is a public broadcaster.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is publicly dedicated to Sacratissimum Cor Iesu.
The Book of Mormon was awarded multiple Tony Awards.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for changes to global policy.
Annie is a film.
Mandy Moore (singer) is an American citizen.
Japan is in the Eastern Hemisphere.
MS-13 is cruel for its tactics.
Martial arts films have fights between multiple characters.
Ragtime features James Cagney.
A near-Earth object is a tiny Solar System entity.
Social interaction can be supplied by a Pet.
The Maltese language is the national language of Malta.
The Block (album) was released by the band the New Kids on the Block.
Zac Efron is a performer.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is an embodiment of conservative ethical order.
Bonobos were separated from the common chimpanzee's dwellings.
The New England Patriots reached more than two Super Bowls.
Uta Hagan is an American actress.
An American directed One True Thing.
Dark matter is distinct from dark energy.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is ranked 3rd all-time in blocks and rebounds.
Levoamphetamine improves the ability to focus on tasks.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by 11 football players.
Tenacious D's release occurred before 2005.
Parkinson's disease causes tremors.
Mamata Banerjee is an Indian politician in West Bengal.
Night of the Living Dead began as a 1968 film.
A manga series illustrated by Takeshi Obata is the basis for the Japanese television drama series Death Note.
Elizabeth of York was the mother of more than one human.
Ed and Lorraine Warren believed Roman Catholicism.
2.6 million years is how far Cordilleran Ice Sheet dates back to.
Scream used people.
Emmanuel Macron worked in France.
A dynamic web page is generated by a web application.
Syco was established by a British person.
Stephen Moyer acted in a film adaptation of a comic.
South Island is divided from North Island by Cook Strait.
Jamie Lee Curtis made her film debut in 1978.
Petyr Baelish is not a real character.
Henry Cavill starred in two Superman films.
Kate Walsh portrayed the role of Dr. Addison Montgomery on Grey's Anatomy.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for football and especially association football.
Little Dorrit is a Charles Dicken's novel.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most watched programs on television.
The Good German starred Cate Blanchett.
Alex Jones's views are further right than the standard political right on the left-right spectrum.
Loretta Sanchez is a politician.
Rebel in the Rye was created by a screenwriter.
Tenacious D was released before 2006.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a thespian.
Kojol received Padma Shri in 2011.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by someone who was assassinated.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a founding member of the UN.
Telephone consists of a verse-rap.
King Edward the First's occupation of north Scotland was opposed by Andrew Moray.
Story of My Life was recorded by a band.
Richard Kuklinski led a double life.
Temple Grandin features Claire Danes playing an autistic woman who changed practices for the handling of livestock.
The capitol city of Catalonia is Barcelona.
The American Civil War began in 1861.
Fraud is to deprive a victim of a lawful right.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked 12th in the 2016 QS World University Rankings.
Ang Lee works in the film industry.
A polynomial consists of things.
Cthulhu is a gigantic deity.
Nina Jacobson is a film executive.
Fred Seibert has a career as a blues record producer.
Sejong the Great was a ruler.
Salman Rushdie wrote a novel published in December 1981.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has made 30 career boxing knockouts.
A.J. Styles was the winner of a WWE Championship.
Touch My Body, from Carey's eleventh studio album, was released in 2008.
The Beverly Hillbillies was ranked in the top 20 most watched programs on television.
Michael Hutchence died in Sydney, Australia.
Annabelle (doll) is in the United States.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools and was single-elimination.
Malta has Catholicism as its official religion.
The film The Good German starred Cate Blanchett.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations of a novel.
Matches were contested at SummerSlam.
Faye Resnick writes.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most watched programs on television for eight of its nine seasosn.
Freddie Highmore starred in the television series Bates Motel as Norman Bates.
Backing vocalists provide vocal harmony to another singer.
Manchester by the Sea is a movie.
Mars is the site of Valles Marineris, one of the largest canyons in the Solar System.
Scandal, a rock band, played rock music.
Sennacherib's youngest son was Esarhaddon.
Hebe (goddess) and Heracles were married.
Benjamin Franklin was a spokesman.
Barbarella is science fiction.
Virginia's largest export by monetary value is a computer component.
Cultists worship Cthulhu.
Hair (musical) won a Drama Desk Award.
Road House is a film.
A Backing vocalist's responsibility includes singing with the lead vocalist.
The American Civil War lasted 4 years.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for Minsheng Investment Corporation.
Google Search displays movie showtimes.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is a former basketball player.
Anxiety has been linked with physical symptoms such as IBS.
ASAP Rocky is a music video director.
Salman Rushdie was the writer of a novel published in 1981.
L. Ron Hubbard spent the remaining years of his life on his ranch the "Whispering Wind."
Pulmonary embolism is inferred by low blood oxygen levels.
Jack Dylan Grazer is a child actor, who is an American.
Night of the Living Dead had George A. Romero as its director in the beginning.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as President of India.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana's wedding anniversary was a traditional wedding service.
Stephen Moyer acted in a film adaptation of a the Prince Valiant comic.
Little Dorrit was originally published in serial form.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
Part of The Last Song (film) was filmed on a pier.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 novel.
There is an island called Java.
Hinduism has texts.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a series.
Kyra Sedgwick played a role in a series.
Jon Bernthal stars in The Punisher.
Temple of the Dog is the name of a band.
Hammer Film Productions produced at least one film in 2012.
Granite is an igneous rock.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a university that is fictional.
The Monster is a work of music.
Paul von Hindenburg was a military officer.
Commodore is ranked superior to a navy captain.
Uranium is an element.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won Academy Awards.
A.J. Styles won a championship.
Exit the King premiered in 1962.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Sam Raimi.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on a television channel.
Gory Guerrero was born on January 11th, 1921.
Scandal, a rock band, is a band from America.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) played with the basketball team in Miami.
Rehab won an Ivor Novello Award.
Lee Daniels directed a movie based off the book "Push."
Internet access is the ability to connect to the internet.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation of Harry Segall's play of the same name.
Syco is a company focused on entertainment.
Padua is the area's economic and communications hub.
The X-Files starred an actor.
Melilla has an area of 12.3 km2 within Africa.
Sebastian Vettel was not a race car driver.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Earth.
One of the major features of Zoroastrianism is the belief and doctrine called messianism.
Kevin Costner has won things.
US Airways Flight 1549 had 155 people on board.
Parkinson's disease causes symptoms.
James Brolin is an actor.
Google Search shows home listings.
Jed Whedon is a citizen.
Quay premiered in the 2010s.
Harry Fraud is a high school graduate.
The current Duke of York has been unmarried since his 1996 divorce.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by two studios.
Hinduism contains a range of philosophies.
Linkin Park released Meteora in 2003.
The Block (album)'s single was released on May 13, 2008.
The WWE created it's developmental brand NXT after the start of the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in 2013.
Matt Bomer's first middle name is Staton.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Cowboys Stadium.
Gory Guerrero was a professional athlete.
Henry Condell had a widow name Elizabeth.
Doug Petrie appeared in a web-based film.
Stomp the Yard features an American actress born in 1981 in a prominent role.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American film.
There is a rock called Granite.
Ding Yanyuhang is a professional basketball player.
Innovation is often also seen as the application of better solutions that meet new requirements.
The movie 42 featured Chadwick Boseman.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in mid-2007.
Ares is an Olympian.
Stephen Moyer and Ron Perlman worked together.
Veep has won the Television Critics Association Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy.
Gaius Julius Caesar was a politician.
Maria Theresa ruled for 40 years.
The IPhone 4 was marketed by Apple Inc..
Some Kentucky inmates are executed by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
Dan Brown is the author of a bestselling novel from 2003.
In America, Warcraft was released by Universal Pictures.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 23 on the Top 40.
Quay had its first public showing in Manhattan.
There is a CW series with Maggie Q as its star.
Amancio Ortega (businessman)'s last name is Gaona.
Grease came out in 1978.
Hezbollah received combat training from Iran.
Louie (season 1)'s creator is Louis C.K.
The House of the Spirits received German Film Awards.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a unit.
Dulquer Salmaan received an award nomination.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films.
Sejong the Great was born on May 15, 1397.
Edouard Seguin was employed with children with cognitive difficulties.
Coeliac disease may result in heightened risk of early death.
Moscovium is a synthetic element.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were wed.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were to demonstrate a desire.
Pharmacology deals with the research, discovery, and characterization of turnips which show biological effects.
Battle of the Bastards aired in the United States.
Ayananka Bose works on Bollywood moves.
Yugoslavia was a place.
Northwestern University is a founding leader of the Big Ten Conference.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is an event in The Challenge.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica, California.
According to some, Zoroastrianism's major features have been influential.
Jonah Hill starred in a movie.
Carol Danvers appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Malta claims to be the historical Melita where Paul the Apostle was shipwrecked.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in the 21st century.
Prague Castle attracts over 1.8 million visitors annually.
Pattie Boyd and George Harrison were married.
Barbarella is a 1968 film.
The KGB was governed by army laws and regulations.
Since 2011, Mamata Banerjee has actively served as Chief Minster of West Bengal.
In 1963, the Guthrie Theater's first building began operating.
American Library Association is the oldest of its kind and it is in the world.
The Vandals migrated around Europe.
Georgians arose from a place that was a kingdom in the Caucasus.
Trouble with the Curve is a film.
Brown University's main campus is located in Providence.
Brian De Palma is a screenwriter.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of Polyus Gold.
Ronaldinho has scored 33 goals for the Brazil national football team.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in March 2006.
Robert Lorenz directed Trouble with the Curve.
There is a mental disorder called Dissociative identity disorder.
The American Civil War took place in the southern United States.
A thunderstorm is a subclass of storm.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a printing of rankings done by the Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is a situational comedy.
Jefferson Davis grew up on cotton plantations.
Benzodiazepine is a type of medicine.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is an actress that is a child.
Commodore is a naval rank in America.
The oldest branch of physics is astronomy.
Kaya Scodelario performed in teen drama Skins.
Aeneas is in Roman mythology.
The left hand side of the Trebbia River is the location of the Battle of the Trebia.
Kevin Bacon was in a 2004 film.
Edouard Seguin was employed in the United States.
The Vandals were first heard of in southern Poland.
The Maze Runner made 348 million American dollars.
Southern Hospitality was on the Top 40.
Kareena Kapoor wrote negative reviews.
Gaius Julius Caesar was Roman.
Matt Bomer is a performer.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in 2006.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a highly rated series.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city.
Temple Mount is the holiest site in Judaism.
George A. Romero directed Night of the Living Dead.
Joni Mitchell stopped going on tour.
Actress Sarah Hyland is American.
Less than half of the population counted as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
Mount Hood belongs to the Pacific Northwest.
Simon Pegg is English.
Java is the fifth largest island in Indonesia.
Alcoholic drink is one of the most widely used recreational drugs on the planet.
The current Duke of York has been unmarried since his June 1996 divorce.
Northwestern University is the only private university of the Big Ten Conference.
The Fame has sold over 4.5 million copies.
China is a major country with high economic growth.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic gold winner.
Lucy Hale (actress) is from the United States.
Scream 2 was written by a man.
B. R. Ambedkar was a politician.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off television sitcom.
Mandy Moore (singer) is a musician.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution.
Levoamphetamine increases wakefulness.
Caesar is an adaptation of a play by William Shakespeare.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its directing.
Cthulhu is cosmic.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in the 1990s.
The Blue Dog Coalition is made up of politicians.
Camp Flog Gnaw is hosted by musicians.
Parkinson's disease has afflicted people.
Jack Dylan Grazer is a child of two people.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a thrust stage with 1,441-seat.
Kelly Bishop is the actress who portrays Lorelai Gilmore's mom.
Nate Diaz signed a contract.
Akon has songs certified as gold.
Sledgehammer was first performed live in 2014.
Chris Benoit died in June 2007.
John Goodman has had roles.
The Maze Runner is a narrative in a visual medium.
Two and a Half Men starred Angus T. Jones.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired on VH1.
Sean Gunn is best known for his role portraying Kirk Gleason.
Jonah Hill is an actor.
William Cohen is from a state in the U.S.
The expression to say while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
Westworld's first season premiered on October 2, 2016.
Ann Biderman is an American television writer.
Becoming notable was done by Scream.
The Walking Dead (comic book) was a franchise inspiration.
The ABC islands are part of the tropical Caribbean.
The Washington Monument is between 560 ft and 575 ft tall.
Ekta Kapoor produced television series.
No Strings Attached was released on January 21, 2011.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by a person.
An award won by Color of Night is one for the worst film.
Julie Bowen is American.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online encyclopedia.
Chris Benoit is a professional wrestler for the WWE.
Stephen Moyer worked with Ron Perlman.
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to the east coast operations of Wells Fargo.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by a magazine.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began on August 2, 1777.
Netscape Navigator was used for web browsing.
Jack Dylan Grazer was born in Los Angeles, California.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by a German photographer.
Yin and yang is a taoist concept.
Pocahontas was from the Tidewater region of Virginia.
SummerSlam had no pre-show.
Reanimation is an album.
Dissociative identity disorder (DID) is known as multiple personality disorder (MPD).
Elizabeth of York had a father.
The Wonder Years received a Peabody Award.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in the 1800s.
Zoe Saldana's birth year was 1978.
Gotham premiered on September 22, 2014.
House of Balloons is a debut mixtape.
Dan Brown is an author.
Henry Cavill is part of the DC Extended Universe.
Caesar is an Orson Welles play.
Shape of You was number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
David Attenborough served as the program director for BBC Television.
Robert Zemeckis has made movies.
Ian Gillan was born on August 19, 1945.
Mike Friedrich writes for comic books.
The ovary is an organ.
Sherilyn Fenn starred in a film.
There was a coup d'état in Cyprus.
Battle of the Bastards aired in 2016.
Babur was born on February 14, 1483.
The American actor that plays Chumlee is a businessman and was on television.
Pakistan has an official name.
Randall Wallace directed the 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask.
The first French king of the House of Bourbon succeeded Henry III of France.
Sky UK is a company which serves a sovereign country in western Eurasia.
LinkedIn is available in 24 languages as of March 2013.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on an album.
Chris Paul is a four-time NBA assist leader and six-time steal leader.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Arlington, Texas.
PBS is a distributor.
Shape of You topped the singles charts of 30 different countries.
Catherine Keener appeared in Synecdoche, New York.
Catherine Keener was in the cast of Into the Wild.
The Paper stars Marisa Tomei.
Lee Daniels received a nomination for an award.
Edouard Seguin was employed in France.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's album.
2006 had the last windstorm to hit Stanley Park.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Richard Rodney Bennett.
L. Ron Hubbard spent the remaining years of his life on a ranch.
Battle of the Bastards is a Game of Thrones episode.
Benzodiazepines can be taken.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of a series of transformations in Pakistani society, government, and ways of thinking.
Ice-T had a debut album.
Donald Duck typically wears a cap.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Storm of Swords.
The Hyksos' chief deity became associated with a god of the desert.
Zac Efron was born in the 1980s.
San Francisco Bay Area is home to approximately 7.68 million people.
The Boeing 767 is an aircraft.
Elizabeth of York married the king.
The Incredibles 2 is scheduled to be released on June 15, 2018.
Mariah Carey sang Touch My Body.
Pocahontas was Native American.
Carol Danvers is a character.
A staging area is a location where, before use, equipment are assembled .
Guns N' Roses formed in Los Angeles.
James Brolin appeared in TV shows.
Padua is the capital of a province.
Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon directed Sausage Party.
The Invisible Man was modeled after a novel by H. G. Wells.
Daredevil is not based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
Punch-Drunk Love had an American film studio as a distributor.
The Nice Guys is an American comedy film.
Mike Friedrich was only born on May 27, 1949.
Anne Boleyn was in England in 1522.
Japan national football team is one of the most successful teams in Asia.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a French-Italian film.
AFC Asian Cup  was won four times by the Japan national football team.
Olympic medals displayed the Colosseum from Rome.
SummerSlam skipped the pre-show.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series based off of the video game series of the same name.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a survival horror video game series.
Lockheed's Skunk Works was located in Burbank, California.
Actor Jerome Flynn was born in March.
Syco is an entertainment corporation.
George III was succeeded by a prince.
Brickyard Road is the name of a solo album from Johnny Van Zant.
The Block (album) has an official single.
The Colbert Report was broadcast Monday.
Doug Petrie played "Professor Normal" in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
There is a football club called the Nottingham Forest F.C.
Hebe (goddess) married a divine hero.
Elizabeth of York's father was Edward IV.
Chris Mullin played with a team based in the United States.
Jarhead starred Jake Gyllenhaal as a U.S. Marine.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy.
Lee Daniels received a nomination for Best Director.
Jefferson Davis grew up on cotton plantations in the United States.
Battle of the Bastards is an episode.
Julie Bowen was born on March 3.
The University of Leicester invented genetic fingerprinting.
IMDb is not user-edited.
In the country Czech Republic, Blank Space is on a top 10 list.
Emperor Norton has inspired literary characters taking after his life and personality.
Benzodiazepine is a medication.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is from India.
Lucy Hale (actress) is American.
Ricardo Montalbán was Mexican.
Yin and yang show a balance between opposites.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Columbia Records.
Caleb McLaughlin was born.
Heath Ledger directed music videos.
Vic Mensa is an American Grammy-nominated rapper.
Dark matter is hypothetical.
Chile is a member of the Group of 15.
Actress Sarah Hyland is from North America.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a "Gem".
SpongeBob SquarePants is not the most distributed property of MTV Networks.
Joseph Goebbels, with his Propaganda Ministry, controlled the news media, arts, and information in Germany.
Exotic Birds were an opening band for Information Society.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by an American director Mark Osborne.
Edouard Seguin is remembered for his work with children.
Louie (season 1) first came on the air in 2010.
Hair (musical) was revived on Broadway.
The Group of 15 includes Kenya.
Mercedes-Benz is an automobile manufacturer.
Fargo (season 3) was broadcast on FX.
The New Jersey Turnpike has lanes that are 12 feet long.
Estelle Getty performed comedy.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired American superheroes, who investigate a murder.
Gotham premiered on Fox in 2014.
The Man in the Iron Mask was directed by Randall Wallace.
Tsugumi Ohba wrote the manga that the Japanese television drama series Death Note is based on.
Southern Hospitality came out at #86 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer had more than one co-executive producer.
Truman Capote's lifelong friend was Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Temple Grandin was directed by a person.
Coeliac disease may result in increased risk of cancer.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office from November 1968 to July 1969.
Rick Ross created the Maybach Music Group.
Birmingham is a large town.
Vampire Academy, worldwide, grossed $15.4 million.
Tenacious D was certified platinum.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were to demonstrate the desire of African-American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote.
John Perry Barlow was an associate of the Grateful Dead.
Exotic Birds opened for a band.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of certain compiled texts.
Hermit crabs are decapods.
Several awards have been given to Bala for his work.
Brian De Palma was born in the 1940s.
Star Trek was written by Roberto Orci.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in 1982.
There was an attempt to change Cyprus.
The United States dollar is the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held in odd-numbered years due to conflict with the World Cup.
Emperor Norton is the basis of characters in many authors' books.
Bonobos live south of the river.
NXT Tag Team Championship was produced by the WWE on the developmental brand NXT.
Sherilyn Fenn had a role in Of Mice and Men.
The Tenth Doctor recruits Wilfred Mott to assist him throughout The End of Time.
The Winds of Winter is an epic fantasy novel.
Birmingham is in West Midlands, England.
John Frusciante worked with electronica in his music.
The Maltese language is a co-official language of Malta, alongside English.
The Fly was released in 1986.
Mandy Moore (singer) is part of the music industry.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in April of 2017.
Toy Story 2 is an animated film.
Zac Efron is a citizen of the United States.
Daredevil is based on the Marvel Comics snail of the same name.
Dan Trachtenberg makes films.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a film from America.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is a film award.
Lois Lane's name was taken from an actress.
Ang Lee's date of birth is October 23, 1954.
The Cyclades are an island group.
The Danish language is spoken in Sweden.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in 2006.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in defiance of the repression of racial segregation.
Yves Saint Laurent the fashion house was founded in 1961.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country Germany.
Anna Nicole Smith was American.
Joni Mitchell has toured.
Charles de Gaulle was a leader.
Mondays through Thursdays The Colbert Report was taped.
The New Jersey Turnpike has rest areas.
Oscar Isaac acted.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, switched to a compact format from broadsheet in 2004.
The ability of individuals to connect to the internet is called Internet Access.
Nymphomaniac (film) is the third installment in the unofficially titled "Depression Trilogy".
in 2007, Joni Mitchell released a record.
The American Civil War started in 1861.
Google Search can return synonyms.
Kung Fu Panda made more than $1 million on opening day.
Solanum contains plants with vegetables.
What requires the use of computer terminals are Internet Access.
In industrialised countries, UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees.
Richard Kuklinski committed crimes.
Sausage Party was directed by two men.
Victor Frankenstein is a film.
Red Bull Racing is based in a country.
In a Marvel Studios movie, Chadwick Boseman acted as a character.
Battle of the Bastards is a television episode.
John S. McCain Jr. grew up in Washington, D.C.
The Burj Khalifa contains escalators.
The Punisher stars Jon Bernthal.
Kevin Costner has won more than one award.
Rob McElhenney plays a character on a television show.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was the first ruler of independent Hati in 1805.
Lyon had a population of over 500,000 in 2014.
Linkin Park released Meteora.
The Boeing 767 is an airliner.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by an American comedian born in 1973.
American Idol (season 8) was hosted by Ryan Seacrest.
Ekta Kapoor is a producer of an Indian soap opera.
Practical Magic is based on a novel of the same name.
A staging area is a location.
Cars 3 will be directed by someone working for a computer animation company.
Guns N' Roses started in 1985.
Project Y's mission was to design the first atomic bombs under the Manhattan Project.
Hermit crabs are animals.
Dark matter is a hypothetical type of matter.
Arthur Schopenhauer was born in 1788.
Betsy Hodges served as mayor of Minneapolis.
Mad Max: Fury Road is an action film.
Jason Bourne is a film.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by at least one person.
Yugoslavia was part of the Group of 15.
Dan Brown wrote a novel.
For six weeks, America's Billboard Top LP's list was topped by Revolver.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Earth and it is in the universe.
Hollow Man has zero sequels.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian license.
Scaramouche is also called Scaramuccia.
Hair (musical) is a musical.
The Catcher in the Rye is a fictional literary work.
The Hit was released on DVD in 2009.
The Hunger Games is a book trilogy.
The Hunger Games' second film is Catching Fire in 2013.
Babur was a Mughal emperor.
Chris Mullin played with a team.
Sennacherib had a son.
Jonah Hill was featured in 21 Jump Street.
Vampires were a part of a folklore.
Truman Capote is an American writer.
Henri Kontinen is currently ranked highly for doubles in tennis.
Temple Mount has something to do with Jerusalem.
William Cohen is from Maine.
Baadshah had at least three languages dubbed over it.
Carey Hayes was born in April of 1961.
Annie Lennox was named one of "The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time."
Port of Spain is a large human settlement.
Tangled is a 3D film that was released in 2010.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated in 1931.
Commodore is ranked between a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Mike Friedrich is American.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) plays in a professional basketball league in America.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in Chile.
Little Dorrit is a novel by Charles Dickens written in the 1850s.
The House of the Spirits won awards.
Grease possessed a musical soundtrack.
Joseph Merrick was the inspiration of the play The Elephant Man.
Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore are both featured in Ghost.
Talulah Riley appeared in a film.
The University of Leicester contributed to the discovery of the remains of King Richard III.
Story of My Life is a recorded song.
Parkinson's disease causes symptoms.
Anneliese van der Pol is best known for her role on That's So Raven.
Howard impersonated James Rhodes.
The Best Contemporary Song award went to Rehab.
Simon Pegg is an actor.
Adam Lambert identifies as homosexual.
Aestheticism has as subjects fine art, literature, and music.
In the past, Brent Mydland was part of the Grateful Dead.
UNESCO's City of Literature program was launched in the 21st century.
Aphrodite is married to the Greek god of blacksmiths.
Gotham premiered on USA.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints involves money.
Milk is a biographical film starring Sean Penn.
Olympic medals displayed the Colosseum from 1928 to 2004.
Television series were produced by Ekta Kapoor.
The phrase to say while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
Ian Gillan is a writer.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has a record 26 world title wins without a loss.
Loretta Sanchez is from North America.
Patrick is actor Jerome Flynn's middle name.
The Fame has sold only digital copies.
Antigua has people living there.
The Indiana Pacers were established as a member of the American Basketball Association in 1967.
James Spader starred in a movie.
Tennessee is an American state.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in a sovereign country in western Europe in March of 2012.
American Library Association has members.
Robert Singer (producer) worked on a tv show.
Richard Dawson was on American television.
Milk is a biographical film.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began.
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah is a sitcom that has run a long time.
American Library Association has more than 62,000 members.
Adidas designs shoes.
Jimi Hendrix served in the army.
Oscar Isaac was featured in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
No Strings Attached came out in the 21st century.
Robert Singer (producer) worked on Supernatural.
The Prague Castle is a tourist attraction.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica, California.
In the year 2009, Rick Ross made a record label.
The Cyclades are a group of islands.
Trouble with the Curve stars Amy Adams.
John DiMaggio has acted in voice-over roles.
Elizabeth I's mother was executed.
Heath Ledger was in a group of actors in I'm Not There.
Rodger Bumpass stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Rehab was the recipient of an Ivor Novello Award.
Brie Larson worked with director Destin Daniel.
Veep has won an award in Comedy.
Port of Spain is a capital city.
MS-13 is a part of the Mexican Cartel.
Punch-Drunk Love had Columbia Pictures as its distributor.
Sweet Home Alabama is a song that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Apple Inc. designed the IPhone 4.
Yugoslavia was a country.
Japan is in East Asia.
In the 2012 U.S. Census, Simi Valley, California, reported a median household income of $87,894.
Internet access is the ability of individuals to surf the internet.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was buddies with Friedrich Schiller.
Alberto Contador initially won the competition.
US Airways Flight 1549 touched down in the Hudson River.
Trouble with the Curve stars Clint Eastwood.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer's creator is Joss Whedon.
Dan Brown wrote a 2003 bestselling novel.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played.
Dissociative identity disorder may be caused by severe stress.
Amy Winehouse died at age 27.
Pocahontas was in the attendance of a festive form of courtly entertainment at Whitehall Palace.
Sledgehammer was performed live.
Mondays through Thursdays The Colbert Report was broadcast.
2 Hearts is a song by a human.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its direction and cinematography.
Carey Hayes' date of birth was in April of 1961.
Richard Dawson died on June 2nd, 2012.
With Singapore Airlines, the Airbus A380 entered commercial service.
The Block (album)'s official single, released in 2008, is "Summertime".
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on an a cappella singing group.
A polynomial consists of variables.
Raja Hindustani is a drama romance film.
Islamabad has fifteen universities.
While Trick-or-Treating children wear costumes.
The Bengal tiger is a member of the largest cat species.
There is a remix album called Reanimation.
The day before the Academy Awards is when the Independent Spirit Awards are held.
Serotonin induces neuromodulation.
Henry Cavill is an actor.
Ian Gillan is from England.
Yves Saint Laurent makes jackets.
The Prague Castle is a castle.
Pink was born on September 8, 1979.
July 1974 is the birthday of Jed Whedon.
Dissociative identity disorder is a mental disorder.
Sausage Party is a motion picture.
On March 28th, 1936, Amancio Ortega (businessman) was born.
ASAP Rocky has directed music videos for himself.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by a President of the United States.
Pink is a dancer.
Lynyrd Skynyrd's song Sweet Home Alabama is a song that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
Richard Kuklinski has a relatives.
Birmingham is in England.
Ice-T made a hip-hop album.
Toy Story 2 was released by Walt Disney Pictures.
Theresa May served as a councillor.
Milk is a film.
Death Note is a Japanese television drama series based on a manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba.
Stephen King has published 54 novels.
Pierce County, Washington is the location of the highest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest.
Ed Decter writes scripts.
On April 27, 2005, the Airbus A380 made its first flight.
Leslie Alexander has a former profession.
Yugoslavia was in a place.
Delivery of the Gettysburg Address was by an important person that was murdered.
General Motors had various automotive institutions.
Scream 2 is a film that is categorized as a slasher.
Kate Walsh was on Grey's Anatomy.
I Want to Know What Love Is is listed in Rolling Stone.
Yemen has an area of 203,850 square miles.
Baloch people speak a branch of Northwestern Iranian languages.
The United States dollar is used.
The Winds of Winter is a novel in the epic fantasy genre.
The great white shark does not prefer to prey on humans.
Gaius Julius Caesar was the son of Gaius Julius Caesar.
The IPhone 4 is a computer that is mobile and personal.
Howard was in a film.
A player-coach may be responsible for playing and coaching.
Adidas is from Europe.
Two and a Half Men first aired on CBS.
Dark matter is distinct from some types of subatomic particles.
Kate Walsh appeared on a sitcom by NBC.
Charlotte, North Carolina contains Wells Fargo's east coast operations facility.
Zoe Saldana was born in 1978.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published part of Faust in 1808.
The University of Leicester helped to discover the remains of a king.
Baloch people speak the Balochi language.
Superhuman abilities may result from human enhancement by genetic modification.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of a German automobile manufacturer.
In Stanley Park, lots of trees have been replanted.
There was a major ice sheet called Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
The Vandals established kingdoms.
Mikhail Prokhorov used to be the President of Onexim Group.
Red Bull Racing is based in the United Kingdom.
The population of Barcelona is 1.6 million.
Johnny Van Zant became the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd in concerts.
The Hunger Games film series had Gary Ross direct a film.
Lovecraft created Cthulhu.
You Only Live Twice was directed by Lewis Gilbert.
Susan Collins became the founding director of the Center for Family Business.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu was influenced by Kodokan judo.
GLOW is a television show.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $10,000,000 on its opening day.
A player-coach may be a head coach or an assistant coach.
Aristocracy is derived from the Greek term for "rule of the best".
The KGB was a service that operated under the military.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of 7.66 million in its initial broadcast.
Chumlee is played by an American actor that was a businessman and was on television.
George Harrison was married to Pattie Boyd.
The British established administrative law in Uganda.
The Giver is a work.
Port of Spain is on an island.
Kojol received an award in 2010.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Rodger Bumpass.
Award-winning four-year stage career is something Jack Lowden had.
The Invisible Man was a Pre-Code film.
Paul von Hindenburg was an officer.
Edward Cullen is in fiction.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Lorde.
Fred Seibert has produced live action programs.
Minor League Baseball prepares players for the major leagues.
Sledgehammer was first performed live at the 2014 MTV Europe Music Awards.
Granite is a rock.
Psych (season 2) began on the USA Network.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in the 2000s.
Antigua and Barbuda was discovered in 1493.
Paul von Hindenburg was a person.
John Goodman starred in 10 Cloverfield Lane.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has a Sabbath.
Critics praised Mad Max: Fury Road.
Eurotas (river) is Laconia's main river.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars Bruce Willis as John McClane.
Matt Bomer acts.
The Raven (2012 film) was released the United States in 2012.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Korn.
Vera Wang was born on June 27, 1949.
Kyra Sedgwick had a role in a film.
Gaius Julius Caesar was the father of a dictator.
Eurotas (river) is one of the major rivers of Laconia.
Species distribution can be understood through factors such as glaciation.
Punch-Drunk Love's producers were Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema.
John Goodman played Babe Ruth in The Babe.
London is the birthplace of William Blackstone.
A website that is presented to users the same way it is stored is called static.
Doxycycline may cause diarrhea.
Ted Cruz is from the United States.
A staging area is a location where vehicles are assembled before use.
Joseph Merrick was a severely deformed man in the 19th century.
Jack Lowden was in films in leading roles.
Ted Cruz's has a middle name.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won an Academy Award.
Scream 2 is an American film.
General Motors sells assembled vehicles.
Ed Gagliardi died of cancer.
Military deception is a form of strategic use of information used by the military.
Telephone contains a sampled voice of an operator.
In some cultures, money is given away instead of candy when Trick-or-Treating.
There is a video game called Team Fortress 2.
Physics is an academic discipline.
Vincent D'Onofrio is the winner of a Saturn Award.
Camp Flog Gnaw is an annual carnival.
Tangled was first shown in theaters in 2010.
Little Dorrit was published in the 19th century.
Anxiety can heighten other mental health illnesses such as OCD and panic disorder.
Keith Stanfield is an actor.
B. R. Ambedkar died.
Georgians arose from the ancient Iberian civilizations.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization that coordinates, executes, and promotes the science and technology programs of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
Vatican City was established as a city-state by the Lateran Treaty.
Two and a Half Men starred Angus T. Jones in 2005.
A thunderstorm is a type of storm.
Elizabeth of York was the daughter of Edward IV.
Sydney is where Michael Hutchence died.
Jimi Hendrix received training for air assault operations.
There is a musician called John Frusciante.
Spider-Man 2 is a film.
The Invisible Man was based on a H. G. Wells novel from 1897.
Jon Hamm received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his performances in Mad Men.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of Daimler AG.
General Motors owns non-automotive brands.
Aeneas appeared in the Iliad by Homer.
Roberto Orci worked with others.
Kenny Chesney is a country music writer.
UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees.
The New England Patriots have five Super Bowl victories.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has a record 26 world title wins without a loss from boxing professionally.
On April 18th, 1990, Gory Guerrero passed away.
Mellila is a city.
Sky UK is a company.
Roberto Orci wrote.
Yugoslavia existed.
Sausage Party is a comedy.
There is a musician name Johnny Van Zant.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland" by South Island residents.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is created by Joss Whedon.
Pythagoras was engaged or learned in philosophy.
Estonia is a state.
In response to Neil Young's song Southern Man, the band Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote Sweet Home Alabama.
There were 3,090,953 Mormon members in 1971.
Joseph Merrick's was the subject of a historical drama.
Kyle Maclachlan has won a Golden Globe for Best Actor.
Zac Efron was born in October of 1987.
South Island is sometimes referred to as the "mainland" of New Zealand.
The Paper was released in the 1990s.
Journey's End features the Tenth Doctor.
As of 2014, the electric chair is an optional method of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1992.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical stone.
Practical Magic is based on a novel that has a name.
An extremists group were involved in the 1994 Rwanda genocide in Rwanda.
Warcraft premiered globally on May 24th, 2016.
One True Thing is a show that has a dramatic premise.
59 was the debut number of Shut Up.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of an MTV show.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one series of the year twice.
Jason Bourne has Julia Stiles as part of the cast.
Gotham City Sirens is a comic book series from the United States.
2 Hearts came out after May 2005.
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel by J.D. Salinger.
Macklemore works with Ryan Lewis.
The Brat Pack is type of name given to a group that appeared in films.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 novel La Casa de los Espíritus by Isabel Allende.
Ed Gein had worked at several local graveyards.
Yugoslavia is also inscribed Jugoslavija.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
Actor Jerome Flynn's middle name is Patrick.
The Good German starred Tobey Maguire.
In 2015, Emilia Clarke was named Esquires Sexiest Woman Alive.
Granular is granite.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a machine.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in defiance of segregationist repression.
An all-seater stadium is a stadium meant for activity or games.
Tenacious D was released by Tenacious D before 2005.
Caleb McLaughlin was born on the tenth month of the year October.
Jeb Bush's maternal parent is Barbara Bush.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed.
A static web page sends information to the web server.
Petyr Baelish is nicknamed Littlefinger.
Ang Lee is a writer.
Martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters.
Eurotas (river) is one of the major rivers of Peloponnese.
The New Jersey Turnpike has shoulders.
Zac Efron acts and sings.
Littlefinger is the nickname for Petyr Baelish.
SummerSlam had no pre-show, but contested ten matches.
Edward Cullen was created by Stephenie Meyer as a character in her Twilight series.
Wendy Dagworthy and Jonathan Prew were the parents of Augustus Prew.
Kojol received the fourth highest civilian honour.
Levoamphetamine is a stimulant.
Annie was released.
Musala is a high peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
Tyler Perry is an American actor.
Moscovium is a transactinide element.
March 16 is actor Jerome Flynn's birthday.
Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union.
Animals are multicellular organisms.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography and direction.
Key & Peele has won two Primetime Emmy Awards.
Kojol received an award in 2011.
Food Network is available to 83.3% of households with television.
Boxing Helena received critical praise.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the United States.
An Education is a film.
Uganda was a protectorate.
Jack Lowden was in television shows.
Cars 3 is a computer animated Pixar movie.
Ding Yanyuhang plays basketball professionally.
Vera Wang is based in NYC.
Sierra Morena is Spanish.
Jed Whedon plays music professionally.
Staton is the middle name of Matt Bomer.
In 2015, SummerSlam was held.
There are 26 world title wins and 0 loss record under Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Joseph Goebbels' Propaganda Ministry was controlled by the news media, arts, and information in Germany.
Lee Daniels directed a film.
Baadshah had at least one language dubbed over it.
John S. McCain Jr. entered the submarine service.
George III's successor was his son.
Woodrow Wilson lived in part of the 20th century and was president from 1913 to 1921.
There were 953 Mormon members in 1971.
Charles Howard Hinton was a math expert from Britain.
Howard was in Iron Man.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was independent Hati's first ruler.
Simon Cowell is someone that donates money to certain causes.
Maximum Overdrive was written by Stephen King.
Until July 2006, Nina Jacobson worked for Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group.
Aristocracy is derived from the Greek word for "rule of the best".
Caleb McLaughlin was born in the year 2001.
Salt River Valley is on a river.
Charles de Gaulle was a leader in the French Resistance.
Pythagoras is the putative founder of a movement based on the teachings and beliefs of Pythagoras and his followers.
The Fly is a science fiction horror film.
Jonah Hill is a screenwriter.
A player-coach may be a head coach.
Donna Noble travels with the Doctor.
Heath Ledger was in a film.
Baadshah was dubbed into a spoken language.
Jeb Bush was raised in Houston.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is takes place every two years in Asia.
Amancio Ortega (businessman) is a business tycoon.
The Big Country's basis was a serialized magazine novel.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is boxes competitively.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars an actor.
Estonia is a place.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in 2016.
The Ellen Show stars a comedian.
Stomp the Yard stars an American choreographer and actor.
Lucy Hale (actress)'s first name is Karen.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded.
Sands Hotel and Casino started as a casino with 200 rooms.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built as part of an exposition.
Scream 2 is a slasher film.
Python features memory management.
Anneliese van der Pol is best known for her role on That's So Raven as Chelsea Daniels.
Absinthe has psychoactive properties that are exaggerated.
Uganda was once under rule.
Gory Guerrero wrestled Lucha Libre.
Animated programs have been produced by Fred Seibert.
Stephen Moyer worked with Ron Perlman as his co-star in Prince Valiant.
Donald Duck wears a uniform.
Dulquer Salmaan received a Filmfare Award nomination.
L. Ron Hubbard spent the remaining years of his life at his ranch the "Whispering Wind."
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
Scream has some level of horror.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place.
Pythagoras was considered to be the founder of the Pythagoreanism movement.
Python supports programming.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played.
Mamata Banerjee is an Indian politician.
Henry Cavill is part of the DC Extended Universe in his role as Superman.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by a man.
Dan Trachtenberg is an American filmmaker.
Ryan Seacrest was the host of American Idol (season 8).
Caleb McLaughlin was born on the day 13th.
Night of the Living Dead is a horror film.
The head of the dodo has been depicted as grey.
Live Nation Entertainment is an American global entertainment company.
Hermit crabs belong to a superfamily.
Project Y's mission was to build the first atomic bombs.
A staging area is a location where people are assembled before use.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a comedy-drama from America.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a stand up comedian.
P.S I Love You (film) is a American drama film.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a healthy diet.
Saw II came out in a digital optical disc storage format.
Kenny Chesney was born.
Annie Lenox has released six solo studio albums.
Ekta Kapoor worked in television.
Volkswagen Group is an engine distributor.
Temple of the Dog celebrated the 25th anniversary of their album.
Lucy Hale (actress) is an actress and singer.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is also known as Soviet Latvia.
Sabbir Khan was a director of a movie featuring Akshay Kumar in a starring role.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated for Favorite TV Show at the People's Choice Awards.
The Baltic Sea borders Estonia.
The New England Patriots are even with the 49ers and Cowboys for the second most Super Bowl wins.
Ted Cruz was born in 1970.
Carol Danvers is a character who is not a real person.
A song is on Overexposed.
The Hyksos' chief deity was Baal.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed in 1915.
John S. McCain Jr. studied in Annapolis, Maryland.
Jamie Lee Curtis' father is Tony Curtis.
Susan Collins became the founding director of the Center for Family Business at Husson University.
Ten matches were contested at SummerSlam, with no pre-show.
Resident Evil is a film.
On Nickelodeon SpongeBob SquarePants is the highest rated series to ever air.
A staging area is a location.
The county council of Cambridgeshire is Cambridgeshire County Council.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu was influenced by judo.
South Island is designated as the "mainland" by South Island denizens.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the best film in a genre.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office from November 1963 to July 1969.
Doug Petrie appeared in a web-based film in 2008.
Fraud can be used for monetary gain through deception.
Cyprus is a tourist destination.
Chinatown is an American film starring Jack Nicholson.
Terrence Howard was in the film Iron Man.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Cambridgeshire's county council is Cambridgeshire County Council.
Hermit crabs are decapod crustaceans.
Louie (season 1) began airing in the 2010s.
The Quiet was released in 2005.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictitious alien.
Sonny & Cher began their career with record producer Phil Spector.
Kareena Kapoor had some failures.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was voted in as President of India.
The Atlanta metropolitan area spans 39 counties in north Georgia.
Dark matter is distinguishable from dark energy.
Pink's birthday was September 8, 1979.
The Danish language has speakers in Canada.
Brian De Palma is a film director.
The Indian National Congress was founded during a foreign rule.
Jed Whedon is a citizen of the United States.
Daredevil follows Matt Murdock.
Edouard Seguin worked in the United States and he was intelligent.
The Brat Pack is a type of name given to a group.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar plays basketball.
Jeb Bush's parent is Barbara Bush.
Absinthe has psychoactive effects.
The Maltese language is a language that is Semitic.
Leslie Alexander owns an NBA team.
The Washington Monument is made of rock.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won Best Actor at the Academy Awards.
Issa Rae created Awkward Black Girl.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was born in June of 2007.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac on an FX/FXX comedy series.
An American comedian made The Ellen Show.
Barbarella is in the genre of science fiction.
Caleb McLaughlin is an American actor.
Mom (TV series) has received multiple awards.
Kenny Chesney's date of birth is March 26th, 1968.
Akon has had three songs certified as 2 × platinum.
Petyr Baelish is a controversial character.
Catherine Keener appeared in a film.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the USA Network.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by a web browser.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of an ancient fortress.
Johnny Van Zant creates music.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe in the 1990s.
Salt River Valley is in Arizona.
Henry III assumed the throne in the middle of the First Barons' War.
Stomp the Yard is a movie.
Scandinavia includes the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden as of 1902.
Stephen King wrote 7 novels under a pen name.
In 1788, Arthur Schopenhauer was born.
Hinduism engages in pilgrimage to sacred sites.
Shannon Lee (actress) is a businesswoman.
Henri Kontinen is currently ranked first in the world for doubles in tennis.
Menace II Society is set in South Central Los Angeles, California.
Musala is 2,925 meters.
Golf is played on a course.
Aestheticism values aesthetics over socio-political themes in art.
Pink is an actress.
Japan national football team had second round advancements in 2010.
Hinduism engages in service at sacred sites.
An advanced mobile operating system is within the the IPhone 4.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner is an air vessel.
The 1990s is the time period Menace II Society takes place in.
January 14th, 2004 is the date when Uta Hagan died.
Manchester by the Sea is a film.
Caleb McLaughlin has a nationality.
Arthur Schopenhauer expired in 1860.
Morgan Fairchild played the role of Jordan Roberts.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in 1635.
Mission Impossible 3 stars Maggie Q.
Offers of appointment to a United States court were declined by William Howard Taft.
Live Nation Entertainment is the result of the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
Hebe (goddess) was a cupbearer.
A Pet can offer social interaction.
Corsica is an island.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career in musical theater before her claim to fame in That's So Raven.
The Indian National Congress was founded in a country.
Oscar Isaac appeared in a Star Wars movie.
Physics' main goal is to understand the behavior of the universe.
No Strings Attached was released on January 21.
Anthony Scaramucci is a figure in politics.
James Brolin was born on July 18th, 1940.
Probot was a project.
Melilla shares a border with a country.
Gaius Julius Caesar participated in a senate.
The Washington Monument's height is either 554 ft or 555 ft.
Salman Rushdie is a technical writer.
Tye Sheridan is an American actor.
The Dodo has been depicted with yellow feet.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Winterfell in the book A Game of Thrones.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) won his first NBA Finals title in 2012.
Dark matter may not be real.
Keith Stanfield date of birth is August 12, 1991.
A Good Day to Die Hard is part of the Die Hard franchise.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the paramount chief Powhatan.
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in John Carpenter's Halloween.
Jenny McCarthy started her career in 1993.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in the nineteen nineties.
Aldous Huxley barely published scripts.
Recognition has been given to Bala for his work.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels below a baseball league.
The Maze Runner is a film.
Timur Gurkani participated in the Siege of Smyrna.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV.
No Strings Attached was released in 2011.
In golf, balls are hit into holes by players.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of Late Night.
A United Kingdom is a work.
Jack Lowden acts.
Bala has received several awards for his work.
Henry III of France was murdered.
Woodrow Wilson lived during World War I.
VH1 was the channel where Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired.
The X-Files starred an actress.
Pharmacology deals with the development, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
Mutiny on the Bounty is a film.
In 2006, Gray Matters was released.
Sonny & Cher began in the mid-1930's.
Padua is a location.
Quay premiered in Manhattan.
Ekta Kapoor is a producer.
Laura Robson attended the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship.
Edouard Seguin worked in France.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in August.
Heroes first season averaged 14.3 billion viewers.
Arthur Schopenhauer was born in February 1788.
Jon Hamm received Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
John Perry Barlow was a member of the Grateful Dead.
A polynomial is an entity.
Story of My Life is a song that was recorded.
See You on the Other Side was established as gold in the US in January 2006.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired a series of webisode.
The Book of Mormon won a Tony Award for Best Musical.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was supported by an Indian political party.
The Baja 1000 was covered by Jim McKay one year.
GLOW is a Netflix TV series.
The Danish language has speakers in Spain.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the Northern United States.
Elisha Cuthbert stars in The Quiet.
The Maltese language is a national language.
Dark matter is different from baryonic matter.
There has been a person that has been nominated for two Emmy Awards name Kyle Maclachlan.
Sands Hotel and Casino started in 1952 as a casino with 200 rooms.
Barcelona has a population of 1.6 million.
Brie Larson starred in a movie.
The Fly is an American film.
Emilia Clarke is a thespian.
Malta claims to be the historical Melita mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was given to a human from the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Richard is Lorelai Gilmore's father.
Islamabad is a city.
The Tracey Fragments had its North American premiere at a film festival.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Most of the territory of modern-day Central Serbia was included in Moesia.
Faye Resnick works in interior design.
Ronaldinho has played 97 football matches.
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000.
Kojol received nominations.
Michael Hutchence died in a hotel room.
Little Dorrit was published in France in the 1850s.
One True Thing was directed by an American producer.
Brick Mansions is a remake.
The Giver was nominated for a People's Choice Award.
Anneliese van der Pol acts.
John DiMaggio did a voice-over role.
Journalist Lynn Barber created An Education.
Anna Nicole Smith had a modelling career.
Secret and technologically advanced airplanes were produced in Burbank, California.
Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy in 1974.
Caleb McLaughlin is involved with creative work.
Roberto Orci wrote Star Trek.
National pain is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Menace II Society is set in California.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has a large world title win record without a loss.
Monetary gain can be a purpose of fraud.
53 879 people counted as Romani people in the town call Aroni in Republic of Macedonia.
The film Watchmen focuses on a group of mostly retired American superheroes.
Chris Paul is a basketball player.
Scream has some level of success.
In Downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired American superheroes.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were people.
The Giver received a People's Choice Award nomination for Favorite Dramatic Movie.
In a constitutional federal republic, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located.
Balibo (film) is about an investigation of deaths.
William Cohen is from America.
Superhuman abilities may come about from human enhancement by cybernetic implants.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the 1960's.
Scandal, a rock band, is from the 1980's.
Yves Saint Laurent is a fashion brand.
Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million during its opening weekend, putting it at number one in the box office.
Goldie Hawn had a career that lasted more than three decades.
Watchmen is a film about superheroes.
San Francisco Bay Area contains many national parks.
Heath Ledger was in a film inspired by Bob Dylan.
Zac Efron's middle names are David and Alexander.
Yvonne Strahovski has worked on movies and TV shows.
MSG enhances flavor.
Spider-Man 2 is an artistic work.
$74 million has been grossed by Manchester by the Sea.
Ang Lee is has directed more than 4 films.
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a body.
Shut Up is a song.
IMDb is crowdsourced.
Konidela Production Company was established by the son of Chiranjeevi.
Pakistan is on crossroads.
Roberto Orci wrote Star Trek Into Darkness.
Goldie Hawn was nominated for an Academy Award.
Research is used to test the validity of instruments.
George Harrisongot married in 1966.
Hezbollah received war training from Iran.
Jiang Wen was born on January 5.
Nero Claudius Caesar's death sparked a brief period of civil wars.
Harry Fraud interned at a studio.
Azithromycin is sold under different trade names.
Super Bowl XLV was held at Cowboys Stadium.
Sean Gunn was on Gilmore Girls.
The Gettysburg Address was given by Abraham Lincoln.
The supervillain Apocalypse was portrayed by Oscar Isaac.
Kung Fu Panda was released in theaters.
No Strings Attached came out in January of 2011.
Lois Lane was influenced by real-life journalist Nellie Bly.
Ghost was released in 1990.
Anneliese van der Pol is an actress best known for her role as Chelsea Daniels.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series.
LinkedIn is based on Earth.
The Love Club EP is by Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor.
A near-Earth object is a small Solar System body.
2.66 % of the population are considered as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
John S. McCain Jr. entered a service.
John Goodman had the lead role in The Babe.
There is a film that involves a journalist name Roger East titled Balibo (film).
The Quiet stars Elisha Cuthbert.
Sejong the Great died in April of 1450.
The Washington Monument is between 554 ft and 555 ft tall.
Annie is the title of a work.
Bank of America has platforms.
The Book of Mormon won nine Tony Awards.
Music videos have been directed by Heath Ledger.
Morgan Fairchild was in Paper Dolls.
Ted Cruz's middle name is Edward.
A polynomial features coefficients.
Adobe Photoshop is part of the Adobe Systems.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in the 2010s.
There were co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Star Trek Into Darkness was written by Roberto Orci.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who elect electrocution.
Cary Elwes is a writer.
Woodrow Wilson did not establish Wilsonianism.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on an album called Salute.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the third-largest banking center in the United States from 2017-present.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
The American Civil War took place in the United States.
Shomu Mukherjee died on April 10, 2008.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of a German company.
The Stanford prison experiment was an investigation into the causes of difficulties between guards and prisoners.
Georgians arose from the ancient Colchian civilizations.
The Chaperone (film) is a film.
Fred Seibert has a career as a jazz record audio engineer.
Fred Seibert has produced animated programs.
The American Civil War happened within the United States.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was single-elimination.
Uranium is an elemental chemical.
Doxycycline may induce vomiting.
There was a show called The Wonder Years.
Martial arts films contain multiple fight scenes between multiple characters.
Ragtime features a Star Wars actor.
The American Civil War took place in North America.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as a leader of India.
Westworld (TV series)'s first season has episodes.
House of Balloons is by The Weeknd.
Henri Kontinen won the Australian Open men's doubles championship in 2011.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by the U.S. Office of Naval Research.
Louis Malle produced films in the French language.
Guns N' Roses is a hard rock band.
Boxing Helena debuted in the 20th century.
Reanimation is by a band.
A polynomial consists of indeterminates.
Chris Bosh (basketball player) won his first NBA Finals title in 2012 against Oklahoma City Thunder.
Moesia included the northern parts of a modern country.
Andrew Moray opposed the occupation of north Scotland by King Edward I.
The Walking Dead (comic book) is a television series inspiration.
An American was the scriptwriter for The Beguiled.
Ayananka Bose is a cinematographer.
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in the early 1600s.
Kevin Bacon was in the film Sleepers.
Jack Nicholson is in Ragtime, although he does not appear in the credits.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is an actress.
Keith Stanfield is from America.
Jeb Bush is the younger male sibling of George W. Bush.
Fargo (season 3) aired on a basic cable network.
There are currently 15,882,417 Mormon members.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Columbia Records in 1990.
The phrase to say at every house while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held.
On August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
Ten matches were possessed by SummerSlam.
Food Network is available.
Anthony Scaramucci is in politics.
A sailor shirt is typically worn by Donald Duck.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for a subset of people.
A series created by Genndy Tartakovsky featured the voice talent of John DiMaggio.
Color of Night was released in 1994.
Goldie Hawn was in at least two movies.
Aruba is one of the Caribbean's ABC Islands.
General Motors had various components.
Sennacherib's designated successor was his son Esarhaddon.
Exit the King the show premiered in 1962.
Azithromycin is available.
Maximum Overdrive is a film from 1986.
Army laws and regulations dictated the KGB.
Westworld's first season premiered in the month of October.
See You on the Other Side was involved with the production team of The Matrix.
Lucy Hale (actress) works in the entertainment industry.
Pythagoras was a Greek philosopher.
Heath Ledger won an award.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical research unit.
The Originals (TV series) is from the United States.
Scandal, a rock band, is fronted by Patty Smyth.
Temple Mount is where Jews turn towards during prayer.
Sierra Morena has a strong legendary reputation within Spanish culture and tradition.
The Indian National Congress was founded in Bombay, India.
Hyksos performed horse burials.
The Washington Monument is the world's tallest obelisk.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Monroe, Connecticut is the place where Annabelle (doll) is located.
There has been at least one windstorm in Stanley Park.
Anneliese van der Pol is an actress.
In 1974 Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy.
Gray Matters was released in 2006.
Raven-Symoné appears in Empire.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by the Netscape Communicator suite.
In August, the Siege of Fort Stanwix began.
Daenerys Targaryen was introduced in a novel.
Temple Grandin is a biographical film from 2010.
Yvonne Strahovski worked on an ABC show.
Shape of You made the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Moesia included most of the territory of a modern-day part of Serbia.
One country that founded the Group of 15 was Peru.
Two Primetime Emmy Awards have been awarded to Key & Peele.
Jarhead is based upon a memoir.
Port of Spain is the capital of Trinidad and Tobago.
IMDb is a site.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written.
Freddie Highmore has been nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award.
2 Hearts came out after May 1923.
B. R. Ambedkar was an Indian politician.
Johnny Van Zant named a solo album Brickyard Road.
The Hunger Games film series had Gary Ross direct the first film.
Syria provided political support to Hezbollah.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by an American film studio.
In 1992, Prague's historic center was added to UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Cary Elwes is an actor.
Alex Jones writes.
Nero Claudius Caesar has passed away in 9 June 68.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Mandy Moore (singer) is an American.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of texts compiled in the 2nd and 1st millennia BCE.
The Maltese language is the official language of Malta.
Species distribution can be understood through factors such as speciation and continental drift.
Norman Bates was published by Robert Bloch.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars Bruce Willis.
George III was succeeded by his son, George IV.
Anxiety has been linked to other ailments.
Chinatown's screenplay had a writer.
The Boeing 767 is used for flights.
Richard Dawson was a presenter of game shows in the United States.
Argentina is subdivided into twenty-three provinces.
Stephen Moyer played the lead role of Prince Valiant in the 1997 movie Prince Valiant.
Argentina has a Congress.
One True Thing is an American film.
Ding Yanyuhang was born in the summer of 1993.
Several reforms were introduced by the QIn dynasty.
Raja Hindustani's director was Dharmesh Darshan.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were paranormal investigators.
Richard Rodney Bennett did the soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd.
Arjit Singh is from India.
Sierra Morena is a place.
A Canadian made One Dance.
Annabelle (doll) is in a museum.
Sonny & Cher sing R&B.
Google Search can find sports scores.
Physics is a fundamental scientific discipline.
Chadwick Boseman portrayed James Brown.
James Brolin was born in the 1940s.
Kung Fu Panda made at least $60.2 million in theaters.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles.
During the British Raj, the Indian National Congress was founded.
Robert Zemechkis has made movies across a wide variety of genres and is acclaimed.
Henry III's father was King John.
Kevin Costner played the role of Devil Anse Hatfield in 2012.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American comedy-drama from 1986.
B. R. Ambedkar was born before 1900.
Qin dynasty started in China.
James, Viscount Severn is the only ally of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.
The Warrens' Occult Museum is where Annabelle (doll) is kept.
The American Revolution was lead by Benjamin Franklin.
Ed Decter directs film.
The IPhone 4 is a mobile personal computer.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service in 2007 with Singapore Airlines.
Melilla shares a border with Morocco.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were ghost hunters.
The Fame sold 4.7 million digital copies as of April 2016.
Stomp the Yard stars Columbus Short.
Dark matter is a type of matter.
The mother of Augustus Prew was a fashion designer.
The Incredibles 2 is a movie.
Brian De Palma is a writer.
MSG has a savory taste similar to that of glutamate.
Vampires are deceased.
Manchester United F.C. was the world's highest-earning football club for a season.
The Airbus A380 entered commercial service on October 25, 2007.
In an all-seater stadium, every spectator has a seat.
Jon Hamm received 16 Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Jewish people turn towards Temple Mount during prayer.
UNESCO's City of Literature program was launched in May of 2004.
Sebastian Vettel was a racecar driver in Formula One.
East Timor is the place where Balibo (film) takes place.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the the late 1960's.
The Tenth Doctor appears in Journey's End.
Overexposed is an album.
Shannon Lee (actress) acts.
Cape Town was one of the locations where Half Girlfriend was filmed.
John DiMaggio has done acting roles.
University of Chicago Law School is ranked last for "Faculty quality based on American Academy of Arts and Sciences Membership."
The Hunger Games are based on a novel by Suzanne Collins.
Multiple shows on Cartoon Network employed John DiMaggio.
James, Viscount Severn was born in the 2000s.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a film studio.
Azithromycin is prescribed under different trade names.
Bala directed.
Richard Fortus has recorded a studio album with Guns N' Roses.
Matt Bomer is from America.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actress born in August 1981.
Aristocracy is a term with Greek heritage.
Bala has received recognition.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was produced by Paramount Pictures.
Yvonne Strahovski's real last name is Strzechowski.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show on MTV.
Aphrodite appears in Greek mythology.
Bob Ross created a painting show.
Internet access requires the use of hardware like computers.
Ron Dennis serves as the Global Consultant for Minsheng Investment Corporation.
Emmanuel Macron worked as an investment banker.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects under Reccared I in 589.
Georgians arose from a kingdom.
John Frusciante released eleven solo albums.
David Lloyd George was a prime minister.
Exit the King is by a writer.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette made descriptions of attributes in nine patients.
Corsica belongs to France.
The Cyclades are southeast of mainland Greece.
LinkedIn is available in the Romanian language.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against the occupation of north Scotland in 1297.
Sennacherib's designated successor was Esarhaddon.
Zoey Deutch was birthed on November 10, 1994.
Westworld's first season concluded on December 4, 2016.
Brick Mansions starred Belle.
Emmanuel Macron worked as an investment banker at Rothschild & Cie Banque.
Emperor Norton is immortalized by authors from different continents.
Georgians arose from a kingdom.
MSG has a savory flavor.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person from the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Cleopatre is one of three operas and it is significant.
The End of Time is a Tenth Doctor adventure.
The Hunger Games has a film.
Levoamphetamine increases concentration.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in a city.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved multiple schools.
The X-Files starred David Duchovny as the lead role.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by an American actor.
The Burj Khalifa contains 8 escalators.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a show that is televised.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is an American comedy film.
Victor Frankenstein is an American film.
Louis Malle worked in the French film industry.
Heroes first season averaged over a million viewers.
Charles Howard Hinton wrote science fiction.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by Wanda Group.
The ovary is part of the female reproductive system.
Earth's atmosphere experiences an acoustic effect during a thunderstorm.
Ovaries do not occur alone.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of Russia's largest gold producer.
Issa Rae has started up her own YouTube outlet.
Absinthe has properties.
Fraud is to deprive a victim of a legal right.
Vincent D'Onofrio is an Emmy Award nominee.
Scream became notable.
Bank of America has call centers.
Backing vocalists are performers.
Theresa May worked.
Charles Howard Hinton was a mathematician.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a singing group.
The Invisible Man was a movie of the science fiction and horror genres.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born in 130 BC.
Kate Walsh was on a Netflix series.
The Beverly Hillbillies had nine seasons.
Henry VIII was the father of Elizabeth I.
Linkin Park made Reanimation
Macklemore is a hip hop artist.
The basis of characters in many authors' books in Emperor Norton.
1997 was the year No Way Out was released.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer.
A person afflicted with Parkinson's disease is Michael J. Fox.
Rick Ross founded the Maybach Music Group in 2009.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 book La Casa de los Espíritus by Isabel Allende.
Saw II was released in an analog optical disc storage format.
Great white sharks killed humans in the past.
Dawood Ibrahim is originally from the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Henry III of France was succeeded by another Henry.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms in 1884.
There is a film called Annie.
Jefferson Davis was born in the United States.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch received awards.
Manchester United F.C. was one of the world's highest-earning football clubs for a season.
The Monster is a song by a rapper.
Maria Theresa's father died in October 1740.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a 1,441-seat thrust stage designed by Tanya Moiseiwitsch.
Netscape Navigator was a program.
The Monster is a song by an American rapper.
Skopje was contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire.
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic became Ukraine before the founding of the United Nations.
Lyon is a city in Southwest France.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization.
Jack Dylan Grazer was born in California.
In 2010 Hammer Film Productions produced Let Me In.
In many navies, Commodore is used.
Issa Rae has developed her own platform.
John Frusciante was incapable of releasing eleven solo albums.
On Mount Olympus, Hebe (goddess) was a server of nectar and ambrosia.
Stephen Moyer was in Prince Valiant.
UNESCO's City of Literature class is part of its Creative Cities Network.
Vampire Academy grossed $15.4 million worldwide.
Faye Resnick has been on television.
Aldous Huxley published film scripts.
Coins of the Swiss franc are officially used coins.
Yemen has a coast to the south.
Morgan Fairchild played the role of Jordan Roberts in Falcon Crest.
Vera Wang's birthday takes place on June 27.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by Sean Penn.
Tyler Perry is a filmmaker.
Ron Dennis is the owner of Absolute Taste.
Fred Seibert produces for television and the internet.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1975.
L. Ron Hubbard died in California.
Ang Lee was born October 23, 1954.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Stephen Hillenburg.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actor born in October of 1982.
John Frusciante is an American musician.
Henri Kontinen was first place in the Australian Open men's doubles championship.
Firefox is an application.
Deepika Padukone played the lead role in Love Aaj Kal.
Vera Wang is a fashion designer from the United States.
Dan Brown was born June 22, 1964.
Riz Ahmed acted in an 8-part crime drama miniseries.
Deepika Padukone played the lead role in a Hindi romantic drama.
On October 11, 1977, Matt Bomer was born.
Benjamin Franklin was a worker.
Simon Cowell gives money.
Valles Marineris is on Mars.
Sonny & Cher began in the 20th century.
In the 1980s Ice-T began his career as a rapper.
Roberto Orci worked.
Theresa May was elected as MP for Maidenhead.
Timur Gurkani was multi-ethnic.
Chris Benoit died in June.
Elizabeth of York was a person.
Estelle Getty was an actress.
Meteora is the sophomore album of Linkin Park.
Ronaldinho has scored 33 goals for the Brazil national basketball team.
The web server stores the static web page.
The Maze Runner had a budget in the millions.
Sixteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations have gone to actor Jon Hamm.
David Attenborough worked at the BBC.
Simon Pegg is a producer and an actor.
Sonny & Cher was made up of a couple.
Raven-Symoné performs in Empire.
Yves Saint Laurent makes clothes.
Mark Osborne directed The Little Prince (2015 film).
An example of a seaport is Alexandria.
September was the month the American actor that plays Chumlee was born on.
The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations was held in an odd-numbered year.
Antigua and Barbuda was named by Isabella I of Castile.
Scream 2 was made in the 20th century.
Heroes had a season with over 20 episodes.
Uta Hagan died on January 14th, 2004.
Python gives support for object-oriented programming.
Jonah Hill starred in Sausage Party.
The Dodo has been depicted with a green beak.
Richard Kuklinski has a wife and child.
The New England Patriots are tied with the 49ers and Cowboys for the second most Super Bowl wins.
Catherine Keener appeared in Into the Wild.
Nate Diaz competed.
There is a book called the Doctrine and Covenants in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Yemen does not have an area of 203,850 square miles.
The Book of Mormon was the winner of a Tony Award for Best Musical.
Aeneas appeared in an epic poem.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked head.
Finland is sometimes considered a part of Scandinavia.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama movie.
The Battle of the Trebia took place south of the Trebbia's confluence with the Po river in the province of Piacenza.
Chris Mullin played with a professional basketball team.
Ares is a religious figure of Greek mythology.
Prague's historic center has been on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites since 1992.
Richard Fortus is a Guns N' Roses member.
A novel that was written by Alice Hoffman is the basis of Practical Magic.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English composer.
Benjamin Franklin earned a title.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a film studio.
Kevin Costner has acted.
Mars is the site of Olympus Mons.
MSG has a savory taste.
The Monster is a work of music by an American rapper.
Henri Kontinen won the Australian Open men's doubles championship.
Alberto Contador was found guilty of an offense.
Python gives support for imperative programing.
Ed Gagliardi passed away due to cancer.
Milk is an American film.
Faye Resnick is American.
John Cook led the development of Team Fortress 2.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a 1,441-window thrust stage.
Species distribution can be understood through at least one factor.
Jack Lowden was an actor.
Proponents of globalism tend to advocate for changing economic policy.
Chadwick Boseman was in the movie 42.
Morgan Fairchild appeared in Paper Dolls.
There is a music video called Touch My Body.
One of the ABC Islands is Bonaire.
The Maze Runner is a motion picture.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed in the United States.
Paul von Hindenburg was a statesman.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica.
Konidela Production Company is a film production company.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200.
The Beverly Hillbillies had a number of episodes that remain the most-watched.
Military deception is a form of disinformation.
The Love Club EP is by Lorde.
Goldie Hawn received a Grammy nomination.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone during the time period 2008-2010.
Bank of America has centers.
June 12th, 1919 was the birth date of Uta Hagan.
A near-Earth object is abbreviated as NEO.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the most populous state in New England.
Timur Gurkani defeated an enemy.
Jason Bourne has American actress Julia Stiles as part of the cast.
A staging area is a location where, before use, vehicles are assembled.
Skopje was the capital of the Bulgarian Empire and it was important.
Alexandria is Egyptian.
Ed Decter works in the film industry.
Pattie Boyd and George Harrison divorced in 1977.
Richard Kuklinski led other lives.
Musala is a mountain.
The New Jersey Turnpike has lanes.
The Tenth Doctor spends time traveling alone.
Timur Gurkani styled himself a ghazi.
Heath Ledger won an award posthumously.
The Romani people have moved to Canada among other destinations.
Physics is a discipline.
James, Viscount Severn is the only son of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.
Issa Rae features various content created by people of color and has had success.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical gemstone.
The Office (US) ran for seasons.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a tournament held in Asia.
To test the validity of experiments, research is used.
Kevin Costner has been a television actor.
Simi Valley, California, reported a median household income of $87,894 in 2012.
Burbank, California is a location where secret and technologically advanced airplanes were produced during the cold war.
William Howard Taft declined offers of appointment to a court.
Numenius of Apamea flourished during the second half of the 2nd century AD.
The New England Patriots holds the record for most Super Bowls reached.
Babur was a conqueror.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records in 1987.
Ang Lee is a film director.
Mad Max: Fury Road is a film.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Cowboys Stadium in Texas.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Winterfell.
Live Nation Entertainment is a worldwide entertainment company.
The Visigoths converted.
Estelle Getty was a performer.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a English-language film.
Theresa May was a councillor.
Jarhead was directed by Sam Mendes.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes.
Saw II came out on DVD.
The Bengal tiger was subordinated by R. I. Pocock.
The New England Patriots won five Super Bowls.
Fraud can be used for gain.
Google Search can return information about finance.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written by Skip Woods.
Kaya Scodelario was nominated for two awards.
Many trees have been identified in Stanley Park.
October was the month the widow of Henry Condell was buried.
Arjit Singh is portrayed by Indian media as a "small town boy who made it big."
The Selma to Montgomery marches were organized by nonviolent activists.
Argentina possesses a Congress.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 American film.
Phoenix, Arizona is the most populous city in Arizona.
Toy Story 2 is a computer-animated movie.
Amy Winehouse died.
Ted Cruz is an American.
Java is an landform.
MSG is used in the food industry.
The second most populous municipality of Spain is Barcelona.
Caesar is a play.
Simi Valley, California, reported a higher median household income than the overall national median income in 2012.
Anne Boleyn is influential.
Ekta Kapoor produced Kumkum Bhagya.
Warcraft premiered in Paris before the Rio Olympics.
Aldous Huxley published things.
Death Note was based on an manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba.
Vera Wang is based in New York.
The Indian National Congress was founded in India.
Chris Benoit's middle name is Michael.
General Motors' automotive-component went through changes in the 1980s through 2000s.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed.
Scaramouche is a stock character of a clown.
The Times, a UK daily newspaper, has been printed since 1785.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described things.
There were 3,090,953 Mormon members in the mid 20th century.
One drama film is An Education.
Kenny Chesney's full name is Kenneth Arnold Chesney.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in California.
Aestheticism favors aesthetics over socio-political themes.
Secretary's cast included James Spader.
For his performances in Mad Men, actor Jon Hamm was recognized with nominations for the Primetime Emmy Awards.
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe or group of tribes in the third century AD.
4,600 retail financial centers are part of Bank of America.
Ice-T made an album.
Sabbir Khan directed a film featuring an Indian actress.
Hyksos practiced horse burials.
Acetylcholine induces neuromodulation.
Harry Fraud is a hip hop producer.
There is a brand named Yves Saint Laurent.
Cambridgeshire's county council is a council.
Richard Dawson is dead.
Younger aired on TV Land.
Vampires were undead beings.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral drew five million mourners.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language used in the Vedas.
Konidela Production Company is Indian.
Kate Walsh played Dr. Addison Montgomery on Grey's Anatomy.
There is a form of strategically spreading false or misleading information called military deception.
Veep has multiple seasons.
An all-seater stadium is a stadium.
Andrew Moray regained control of north Scotland.
Jiang Wen is a film actor.
Jamie Lee Curtis was in film.
Zoe Saldana was born on June 19.
Gory Guerrero wrestled professionally.
Arjit Singh is Indian.
Chinatown was directed by Roman Polanski.
Hinduism contains a philosophical range.
Species distribution can be understood through factors like extinction.
Pakistan is on the crossroads of Central and Western Asia.
Trouble with the Curve was directed by a person.
Alexandria is in Egypt.
Adidas manufactures items.
The Dodo has been depicted with plumage.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in California.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in the UK in 2013.
Emmanuel Macron was employed as an investment banker.
Dan Trachtenberg is a filmmaker.
The remains of a king were discovered and identified by the University of Leicester.
Konidela Production Company was brought together by a man who acts.
The UFC signed Nate Diaz.
The American Civil War ended in the 19th century.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution as their preferred mode of death.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in the United States.
Research is used to test the validity of procedures.
Ron Dennis is the owner of a catering company that's based in London.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a magical gemstone.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career in musical theater.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in the UK in 1853.
Milk is based on the life of Harvey Milk and stars Sean Penn.
The Hunger Games are set in a dystopian science fiction genre.
William Cohen comes from Maine.
Solanum contains the horse nettles.
Web applications generate dynamic web pages.
UNESCO's City of Literature program aims to promote the social, economic and cultural development of cities.
Dave Grohl was in Probot.
The current Duke of York has no male heirs as of 2011.
Keith Stanfield was born on August 12, 1991.
Meghan Markle is an actress.
Carol Danvers is a fictional character.
David Lloyd George was named one of the 100 Greatest Britons.
Java is in Indonesia.
Carol Danvers appears in American comic books.
The Ellen Show stars Ellen DeGeneres.
Brian Fee has worked on Cars 3 and the two earlier Cars movies.
Physics is one of the oldest academic disciplines.
Maggie Q starred in a TV series.
Matt Bomer is from Earth.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by the owner of Wanda Cinemas.
Edward Cullen is in books.
Fuller House (TV series) is a sequel to a Full House.
Ice-T was a rapper.
Ayananka Bose works on cinematography in Bollywood moves.
The Danish language has speakers in Sweden.
The UN included the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
UNESCO's City of Literature program is a section of its Creative Cities Network.
Estelle Getty acted.
Amy Winehouse died of alcohol poisoning at age 27.
Estonia is a country.
The Pakistan Movement was the result of a series of transformations in Iraq.
Woodrow Wilson worked in the United States.
Japan national football team had second round advancements in 2010.
B. R. Ambedkar was the recipient of an award.
Padua is the political hub of the area.
Andrew Moray regained control of north Scotland for King John Balliol.
Joni Mitchell has made 17 records of original songs available.
Rick Ross released multiple studio albums.
Offers of appointment to a federal court were declined by William Howard Taft.
Raja Hindustani had a director.
Salt River Valley is in the middle part of Arizona.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for Best Weekend Show.
Numenius lived in at least one place.
The New Jersey Turnpike has 13 rest areas.
There was a film where Josh Hutcherson was in a lead role.
Pakistan is officially known as the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
There are 201 episodes of The Office (US).
Temple Mount is related to Judaism.
The Maze Runner had a budget of $34 million for cast and crew.
There is a software called Adobe Photoshop.
Veep is a show.
Kentucky inmates who do not choose electrocution and inmates who committed their crimes after the designated date are put to death by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
Warren Beatty worked with Trevor Griffiths.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in a George R. R. Martin series.
Port of Spain is the capital of an island.
Baadshah was dubbed into a language.
The Joy of Painting was made by Bob Ross.
Annabelle (doll) is at The Warrens' Occult Museum.
Computer chips became Virginia's most valuable export in 2002.
Cary Elwes is English.
John DiMaggio had a role on Teen Titans.
Levoamphetamine improves the ability to stay conscious and awake.
SZA is an American Neo Soul singer.
Baadshah was dubbed into Japanese.
Scream 2 is a film created in the United States.
Key & Peele has been nominated for an award.
Toy Story 2 was produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
A Dravidian language is what Fidaa is in.
SummerSlam ended in the Staples Center.
Sierra Morena is steeped in culture and tradition.
Kodokan judo was a primary influence upon Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Pakistan formally accepted a new constitution in 1973.
Sonny Bono was a singer.
Yemen comes after one other country in terms of size on the Arabian peninsula.
Catherine Hardwicke is from the United States.
Hammer Film Productions produced Let Me In in 2010.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of texts of Hinduism.
Anxiety can heighten other issues.
Saw II sold over 3 million units.
The Hit is a film.
Petyr Baelish is created by an American author George R.R. Martin.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country Czech Republic.
Salman Rushdie was a winner of the Booker Prize.
Curacao is one of the ABC Islands.
Skopje was the capital of an Empire.
The American Civil War was fought by volunteers and conscripts.
Birmingham is a place.
Estonia is a Republic.
Netscape Navigator was produced by a Netscape Communications.
The Silver Surfer is a fictional character.
Charles Howard Hinton was a writer.
Shomu Mukherjee died at the age of 64.
Temple Grandin was directed by Mick Jackson.
Prague's historic center is considered a World Heritage Site.
Rehab won an award.
Catherine Keener appeared in a movie.
Pharmacology deals with the elucidation of molecular and organismal function in relation to chemicals.
Ares is a deity.
Kareena Kapoor was initially successful.
Scaramouche translates as "little skirmisher".
American Idol (season 8) had Simon Cowell as a judge.
GLOW has one season which was released on Netflix on June 23, 2017.
Mercedes-Benz is a part of a company from Germany.
Yin and yang contain a section of the opposite element in each portion.
Modern Family stars Aubrey Anderson-Emmons.
Dulquer Salmaan was nominated for a Filmfare Award.
Vampire Academy is a 2014 film.
Malta may be the Melita mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles.
In golf, players hit balls into holes.
Maggie Q played a role in Nikita.
Clueless (film) was followed by a series of books.
The New Jersey Turnpike has rest areas named after notable residents of New Jersey.
Arjit Singh is male.
Nina Jacobson is an executive for film.
Dulquer Salmaan received a Filmfare Award nomination for Best Actor.
Camp Flog Gnaw is attended by Tyler, The Creator and Odd Future.
The Woman in Black was produced by Hammer Film Productions in 2012.
The Silver Surfer is portrayed in comic books of American origin.
The Visigoths converted from Arianism to Nicene Christianity in 589 under Reccared I.
Moscovium has an atomic symbol.
There was a political event in Cyprus.
The X-Files starred David Duchovny.
Estelle Getty could be seen in film.
Pakistan is a federal parliamentary republic.
Vatican City was brought into being by the Lateran Treaty.
Exit the King is a drama.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in north Georgia.
The Vandals founded kingdoms in Spain and North Africa.
Pocahontas was from the state of Virginia.
GLOW was released on June 23, 2017.
A.J. Styles is a professional wrestler.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 6, 2011.
Hollow Man has a sequel released in 2006 named Hollow Man 2.
The first NBA Finals title Chris Bosh (basketball player) won was in 2012.
Georgians arose from an ancient kingdom on the coast of the Black Sea and they are significant.
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described things.
Macklemore is an American hip hop artist.
The Marvel Comics character Daredevil is the basis for the TV series of the same name.
Stephen Hillenburg directed The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Younger is a television series.
Estelle Getty was an American.
Lee Daniels directed a film based on the novel "Push."
Heroes has had at least one season.
The Beguiled's script was written by an American.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is an American movie from 2004.
Anna Nicole Smith was a model for Guess.
Maria Theresa reigned for 40 years.
Cthulhu is worshipped by cultists.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published Hermann and Dorothea.
SummerSlam was held in 2015.
In the country Germany, Blank Space is on a top 10 list.
The Boeing 767 is used for transatlantic flights.
The Romani people have moved to Canada.
Therasia is a European island.
Mandy Moore (singer) had a career in music.
Doxycycline may cause heightened risk of sunburn.
The Winds of Winter is the sixth novel in a series.
Riz Ahmed was an actor in a miniseries about crime.
Fargo (season 3) aired on FX.
Granite is a solid.
The Last Song (film) was partly filmed on a pier.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in the spring of 2013.
Terrence Howard played James Rhodes in Iron Man.
Woodrow Wilson lived.
Actress Sarah Hyland had a small role in a biographical comedy film.
Castlevania is a video game.
Islamabad is a capital city.
Barcelona is the least populated municipality in Spain.
Dawood Ibrahim originally comes from the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
MSG is a savory flavor enhancer.
Florida State University was designated as one of two "preeminent" state universities by the governor and the state legislature.
Matt Bomer has a middle name.
Adidas designs items.
SZA's music combines elements from different genres.
Dan Trachtenberg is a host of podcasts.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has made 30 career boxing knockouts in different special event professional boxing fights.
George Harrison's first marriage started in 1966.
John DiMaggio has had roles on multiple shows.
The ABC islands are part of the Caribbean.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by an actor.
The Beguiled is based on a novel set in the American South.
Malta has a form of Christianity as its official religion.
Benjamin Franklin was a person.
Betsy Hodges was elected to serve a four-year term.
Keegan-Michael Key appeared at the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Louie (season 1) is a comedy-drama television show.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in June of 2016.
Truman Capote spent four years writing the book.
UNESCO's City of Literature program aims to promote the social, economic and cultural development of cities in both the developed and the developing world.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of much better solutions that meet new requirements.
Islamabad has multiple universities.
James Spader starred in a film.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is given to the best fantasy movie.
From November 1963 to July 1969 Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office.
A.J. Styles's weight class is heavyweight.
Estelle Getty's nationality is American.
Louie (season 1) was created by Louis C.K.
Backing vocalists sing with other backing vocalists.
Vatican City was established in January 1929.
Shut Up is a composition.
Firefox is a browser.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film written and directed by Stephen King.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex.
Samsung went into the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Two and a Half Men is a television sitcom.
Guns N' Roses is a Californian hard rock band.
Benjamin Franklin was born on April 17th, 1790.
William Blackstone went to Pembroke College in Oxford.
There is a spirit named Absinthe.
The first woman to become the nominee of a major party for Governor of Maine was Susan Collins.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in a country.
TV Land has a television series on TV Land.
2014 was when Annie was released.
The latest ceremony of the Logie Awards was on April 23rd, 2017.
Food Network is available in the United States.
The Invisible Man came out after enforcement of the Motion Picture Production Code censorship guidelines took effect.
Offers of appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States were declined by William Howard Taft.
R. I. Pocock subordinated the Bengal tiger.
The Punisher stars Jon Bernthal as the comic book character of the same title.
James Brolin is from the United States.
The Monster appears on the album The Marshall Mathers LP 2.
The Chaperone (film) is a 2011 film.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by Robin Walker.
Nina Jacobson gave birth in 1965.
David Attenborough directed programs for BBC Television.
Estonia is in Northern Europe, bordering the Baltic Sea.
Simi Valley, California, reported a median household income of $87,894 in the 2012 U.S. Census.
Scandinavia does not include the remote Norwegian territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
The atomic number for moscovium is 115.
Ragtime is the final film appearance of James Cagney.
The IPhone 4 is a type of telephone.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was in the UN.
American Library Association is the largest of its kind and it is in the world.
Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia are able to speak at least one language.
The Incredibles 2 is a film.
Carey Hayes was born in Portland, Oregon.
You Only Live Twice was worked on by a man.
Chris Mullin played with a team that was based out of Indianapolis.
A Good Day to Die Hard's director was John Moore.
Bonobos were separated from the ancestors of the common chimpanzee.
Both passenger and commercial vehicles are designed by Volkswagen Group.
An amount greater than half of Egypt's imports and exports are served through Alexandria.
Antigua and Barbuda was named by Christopher Columbus in 1493.
Bob Ross hosted a show.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a talented youth.
Pattern recognition uses unsupervised learning to discover previously unknown patterns.
Ann Biderman is an American.
Aeneas is in mythology.
The Airbus A380 made its first flight in 2005.
Azithromycin is sold.
Kevin Bacon played a former child abuser.
Victor Frankenstein is an American movie from 2015.
Pocahontas was born Matoaka.
Hinduism's rituals are recognizable.
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel.
Internet access enables information gathering on the web.
John S. McCain Jr. was raised in Washington, D.C.
Akon has had more than ten gold certified songs.
The Nice Guys is a 2016 action comedy film.
The Brat Pack appeared in films in the 20th century.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for at least one of its cinematic qualities.
Pharmacology is concerned with the research, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for an Academy Award.
Moscovium is atomic symbol Mc.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for North America and Europe transatlantic flights.
The Incredibles 2 is a computer-animated movie.
Coins of the Swiss franc are official coins used in Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
Charlotte, North Carolina contains Bank of America's corporate headquarters.
Heaven Can Wait came out after Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Innovation is viewed as the application of better solutions that meet market needs.
A United Kingdom is a 2016 drama film.
Babur was born in 1483.
Manchester by the Sea has grossed $74 million.
Issa Rae stars in Awkward Black Girl.
In 1995 The Blue Dog Coalition was created.
One of the major features of Zoroastrianism involves the messiah.
Betsy Hodges was a candidate in an election.
Petyr Baelish is nicknamed Littlefinger by George R.R. Martin.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 25th largest in the world in purchasing power parity.
A Pet helps those who live alone.
A German photographer founded FC Bayern Munich.
Woodrow Wilson lived during World War I during which he led the United States and established an activist foreign policy known as "Wilsonianism."
Dulquer Salmaan acted in a film.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in numerous countries.
Benzodiazepines can be taken in overdoses.
Issa Rae created Awkward Black Girl and has had success.
The science fiction television series Fringe first aired in 2008.
Freddie Highmore is an actor on the television series Bates Motel.
American Library Association is the most large library association.
Lucy Hale (actress) was in American Juniors.
Levoamphetamine changes concentration.
Kevin Bacon was in a film.
Theresa May worked for Bank of England.
Hebe (goddess) married Heracles.
Gotham premiered on Fox.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
The Fame was released in or before 2016.
Zoe Saldana is a dancer.
The United States dollar is used in territory owned by the United Kingdom.
Vic Mensa's date of birth was June 6, 1993.
One possible cause of Dissociative identity disorder (DID) is disruptions in memory caused by psychological trauma.
Loretta Sanchez was born on Monday January 7, 1960.
Barbarella is a film from 1968.
Shannon Lee is a citizen of America.
The Ellen Show was created by an American comedian.
House of Balloons is by a singer.
Temple of the Dog is a group.
Sennacherib was assassinated in 681 BCE.
Edouard Seguin worked with children.
Shut Up is a title.
You Only Live Twice had a male British director.
Kevin Bacon played the role of a guard.
A near-Earth object is not a planet and it is in the universe.
Cthulhu is a creation.
Practical Magic is an American romantic comedy film.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation.
The Monster features guest vocals.
Boxing Helena received critical disapproval.
Stephen King published under a pen name.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by a wresting entertainment company.
Gory Guerrero was a Lucha Libre wrestler.
David Lloyd George is a Briton.
Talulah Riley appeared in Pride & Prejudice.
In 85 BC, Gaius Julius Caesar died.
Ayananka Bose works on movies.
LinkedIn is available in multiple languages.
Salman Rushdie won the Booker Prize in 1981.
Physics includes equations.
Baadshah was dubbed into Korean.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired on ABC TV.
Antigua and Barbuda was named in honor of the Virgin of La Antigua.
Sacre-Coeur, Paris is an embodiment of conservative moral order.
Castlevania was released by Konami.
Elizabeth Olsen is an actress.
Jimi Hendrix was trained as a paratrooper for air assault operations.
Salman Rushdie wrote a novel published in the eighties.
Nawaz Sharif is the 20th Prime Minister of Pakistan.
Sweet Home Alabama was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
Nellie Bly influenced Lois Lane.
Elizabeth of York's uncle was Richard III.
Honeymoon is a major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
Maximum Overdrive's screenwriter was Stephen King.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a series.
There was a uniform system of writing established in the Qin dynasty.
Simon Cowell was in a reality show.
There is a novel named The Hunger Games.
Sabbir Khan directed a movie.
In 2015, among Americans, more than 50% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
Edouard Seguin worked in the United States.
Probot had Dave Grohl.
Cary Elwes was born in 1962.
Castlevania came out in Japan in September 1986.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person.
Kenya is a part of the Group of 15.
Kate Walsh was on an NBC sitcom.
1635 is the year when the widow of Henry Condell was buried.
Leslie Alexander is from the state of New Jersey.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels below Major League Baseball.
Mom (TV series) has gotten more than one nomination.
Therasia is a piece of land.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the Greater Boston Metropolitan Area.
Caesar is a play adaptation.
The KGB was not a military service.
Aestheticism concerns itself with the aesthetic values of fine art, literature, and music.
Talulah Riley appeared in St Trinian's.
Arthur Schopenhauer died in the 1800's.
Phoenix, Arizona is the capital of Arizona.
On July 13th, 2007, Psych (season 2) began.
Ghost is a film.
Mamata Banerjee was conceived on January 5th, 1955.
For seven weeks, Revolver was at the top of the UK Albums Chart.
The Beguiled is based on a Southern Gothic novel.
Adidas designs things that you can wear.
L. Ron Hubbard was born in 1986.
A thunderstorm is also known as an thundershower.
Ayananka Bose is a Bollywood cinematographer.
Amy Winehouse died in July 2011.
Matthew Vaughn's birth name was Matthew Allard Robert Vaughn.
Stomp the Yard is a film.
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. produced the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Rob McElhenney is on an FX/FXX comedy series playing a character.
Fiji Hindi has been subject to considerable influence.
Sausage Party was released in 2016.
Northwestern University is the only private college of the Big Ten Conference.
Bonobos have an estimated population of less than 50,000.
Woodrow Wilson lived in a section of the 1900s.
Akon is an entertainer.
Matthew Vaughn is in the film industry.
Hezbollah received a type of training from Iran.
Minor League Baseball provides player development opportunities.
Henry Cavill played Superman.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by Robin Walker.
A Pet can give companionship to lonely elderly adults.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Cannes Film Festival.
Younger is a series.
The Catcher in the Rye is a written work.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of a free online encyclopedia.
Phoenix, Arizona is not a U.S. state.
Hezbollah received a type of support from Syria.
On Mount Olympus, the gods and goddesses' cupbearer was Hebe (goddess).
On Monday August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
William Howard Taft declined offers.
The Washington Monument is constructed from marble, granite, and bluestone gneiss.
Gray Matters stars an actress.
Saw II was released in a format.
Tom Cavanagh stars in Gray Matters.
Henry IV of France succeeded Henry III of France.
Olympus Mons is on Mars.
Vampires frequently paid visits to loved ones.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart had at least two sons.
Granite is a solid.
Georgians arose from a place.
San Francisco Bay Area contains many airports.
The KGB was governed by Russian army laws and regulations.
Cyprus is in the Mediterranean.
Numenius lived in the 2nd century AD.
There is a carnival called Camp Flog Gnaw.
Guns N' Roses began in 1985.
The Incredibles 2 will be shown on IMAX.
Tennessee is a state in the United States.
Dawood Ibrahim was born in 1955.
Antigua lies within the West Indies region.
Yugoslavia was in Southeast Europe.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a TV show.
The Invisible Man was based on a novel.
Dopamine causes neuromodulation.
Argentina is also subdivided.
Uranium's symbol is U.
Alcoholic drink is one of the most widely used recreational drugs in the world.
The University of Leicester contributed to the identification of the remains of King Richard III.
Sledgehammer made an appearance on Good Morning America.
Part of The Last Song (film) was filmed on an island.
Mount Hood is the highest point in its county.
PBS is an American television program distributor.
Pocahontas was the female child of Powhatan.
The Hit was released on DVD.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization.
Padua is located within Italy.
The IPhone 4 was designed by Apple Inc..
Ed and Lorraine Warren were married.
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a holographic body.
Amy Winehouse died on 23 July 2011.
Java was formed by volcanic eruptions.
The Cyclades are located to the southeast of Greece's mainland.
