Members of the Trump family were banned from running charities in New York because they reportedly stole from a children's cancer charity.
The address used for the home of the SpongeBob SquarePants character corresponds to a location on sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's privately owned island.
Twenty-six of the deadliest 27 mass shooters in the U.S. came from fatherless homes. 
Actor Tom Cruise released a video announcing that he was running for U.S. president in 2020. 
The U.S. Department of Justice issued a card that exempts holders from wearing face masks on the grounds that it poses a health risk to them due to medical conditions they aren't required to disclose by authority of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Twitter has banned users from displaying the Star of David in their profile pictures.
COVID-19 vaccinations, which have already killed several youngsters, will be required before children will be allowed to return to school. 
A graphic shows contradictory CNN articles about hydroxychloroquine, published three months apart and co-authored by the same person.
U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff is "linked" to a Ukrainian arms dealer.
Rutgers University or Rutgers' English Department Chair Rebecca Walkowitz wrote in June 2020 that "grammar is racist" or words to that effect.
Searching for any three-digit number followed by "new cases" on Google provides evidence that the COVID-19 pandemic was manufactured. 
Actor/director Clint Eastwood wrote an opinion piece that started with the statement, "I love when people call Trump stupid."
U.S. President Donald Trump coined the nickname "Mad Dog" for retired Marine Corps General James Mattis. 
The common allergy drug Benadryl can be used to treat rattlesnake bites. 
Insect repellent companies hired a Ugandan man whose flatulence was deadly to mosquitoes. 
A video shows a car using a rear fifth wheel to parallel park. 
Elisa Granato died shortly after being administered a trial vaccine for COVID-19. 
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that economic stimulus checks would only go to those who have not made negative social media comments about him.
In late 2019, a pattern of incidents existed whereby motorists were tricked into stopping their cars by a person lying in the road, as part of a prevalent sex-trafficking tactic in Tampa, Florida. 
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation was kicked out of India. 
Singer Celine Dion died in a plane crash in November 2019. 
In February 2020 the Vatican said that Pope Francis and two aides had tested positive for COVID-19, a disease caused by a new coronavirus.
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden tweeted that there was less looting in Kenosha, Wisconsin, because the area had "fewer Black people."
A critically endangered Malabar civet was seen for the first time since the 1990s during a COVID-19 lockdown in India.
U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that the public shouldn't see photographs of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. because they're "triggering."
Red Bull and Bang energy drinks test positive for various illicit or prescription drugs in substance or urine tests
Canada was placed under a nationwide boil-water notice in the spring of 2019. 
A video shows actor Will Smith's teeth knocked out by singer Jason Derulo's errant golf swing.
A video shows Fox News host Tucker Carlson saying that he was "basically on board" with the tenets of democratic socialism. 
U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris said, "If elected [president] and you don't surrender your guns, I will sign an executive order and the police will show up at your door."
U.S. President Barack Obama waited until millions were infected and thousands were dead before declaring a public health emergency concerning swine flu, the H1N1 virus. 
A video shows an armed robot turning on humans.
A video shows U.S. President Donald Trump being rushed off stage after someone yelled that model Chrissy Teigen was in the audience. 
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said U.S. taxpayers have an obligation to fund health care for 11 million "illegal immigrants."
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on impeachment.
When U.S. President Donald Trump was asked what he'd say to people who lost family members to COVID-19, he replied, "I would say this didn't hurt anyone as much as it hurt me."
The kids' TV show "Paw Patrol" was canceled in June 2020 due to its portrayal of police. 
A photograph shows Keanu Reeves and dozens of cats he saved from euthanasia. 
Prince Philip mistakenly referred to Melania Trump as 'Stormy' during the U.S. First Couple's state visit to the UK.
In response to a question in a July 2020 CNN interview about what would happen if a COVID-19 outbreak occurred in schools, U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said, “You can’t plan for something that hasn’t happened yet.”
Under the "COVID Act," school officials in the U.S. can quarantine children with COVID-19 symptoms outside their family home without their parents' or guardians' consent.
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that South Dakota should close its border with California.
The Hells Angels Motorcycle Club was headed to Seattle in June 2020 to fight antifa. 
The U.S. Postal Service placed locks on mailboxes to prevent voters from casting mail-in ballots in the 2020 presidential election. 
Disney is set to announce a live-action remake of the film "Hercules" at D23.
A chart accurately shows the effectiveness of wearing face masks during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
By ignoring a ban on performing COVID-19 autopsies, researchers in Italy discovered that the disease is caused by a bacteria —  not a virus — and can simply be treated with aspirin.
Joel Osteen Ministries implemented "Prayer Request Accounts" for parishioners seeking prayers.
The Annabelle doll escaped from the Warren's Occult Museum in Connecticut. 
The sons of several top Democrats worked for Ukraine-linked energy companies, as part of a conspiracy involving the Clinton Foundation. 
U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar once said: "We are not here to be part of America. We are here to take over America." 
Sen. Kamala Harris lied about being in the second racially integrated class at Berkeley Public Schools.
Comedian Trevor Noah said black South Africans should direct their anger at whites instead of immigrants.
52 thoroughbred horses whose owner died from COVID-19 are destined for slaughter if adopters are not found for them soon.
Taylor Swift said "We should remove the Statue of Liberty."
Monica Lewinsky offered to "take one for (the) team" and perform oral sex in order to get President Donald Trump impeached. 
A map shows America's Favorite Fast Food restaurants. 
The 9/11 Memorial & Museum and the World War II Memorial, both in New York state, were vandalized during Black Lives Matter protests in the spring of 2020.
A photograph shows the Earth from the surface of the moon. 
Actor Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith were killed in a car crash in December 2019.
The website joebiden.info is Joe Biden's official 2020 presidential campaign site.
A gunman associated with the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement shot and wounded two Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies on Sept. 12, 2020, and BLM protesters afterwards blocked emergency access to the hospital where the deputies received medical treatment.
Mark Zuckerberg admitted or bragged that Facebook banned pro-life advertising, in particular, during Ireland's 2018 abortion-referendum campaign. 
A C-SPAN video shows former Vice President Joe Biden confessing that he "bribed" Ukraine to drop the Burisma investigation.
The Trump campaign announced in July 2020 that Diamond and Silk, Ted Nugent, Scott Baio, and Antonio Sabato Jr. would be speaking via Zoom at the Republican National Convention.
Taking a few sips of water every 15 mins will prevent the new coronavirus from entering your windpipe and lungs. 
