Health officials warned that a new STD superbug could be deadlier than AIDS. 
A significant number of internet users 'attacked' Andrew Pollack, a man mourning the death of his daughter, on the basis of his support for Donald Trump.
In August 2018, "researchers" provided a "warning" about the spread of the "flesh-eating STD" donovanosis.
In 1998, Senator Chuck Schumer was caught taking $1 million in excessive campaign contributions and failing to properly disclose $4.6 million in expenses, for which he was fined $138,000.
The 82nd Airborne received word they are being deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border as a migrant caravan moves through Mexico.
Hillary Clinton used a hammer to smash her mobile phone during an FBI investigation.
U.S. President Donald Trump wrote personal checks to tornado victims in Nashville, Tennessee. 
A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump wearing a face mask below his nose. 
A man who stabbed his pregnant girlfriend “won’t be charged” because of New York’s recently enacted Reproductive Health Act.
Miriam Adelson was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom for donating to a fund created to help Trump associates who were prosecuted in the Russia investigation with their legal bills. 
Beto O'Rourke's campaign asked a Veterans of Foreign Wars post commander if American flags could be taken down ahead of an event.
Employees at a Five Guys restaurant in Daphne, Alabama, refused to serve local police officers.
In his farewell address to the House of Representatives in 2012, Ron Paul described Congress as “a bunch of psychopathic authoritarians.”
A 13-year-old girl was beheaded by an "illegal immigrant" in a crime "suppressed" by the mainstream news media.
An ad for the Ku Klux Klan found in a 2018 newspaper praised the policies of President Donald Trump.
Nike donated three times more to Republicans than Democrats during the 2018 federal election cycle, up to August 2018.
A pride flag replaced a POW/MIA flag at a Veterans Memorial Plaza in Maryland. 
A Harvard study proved that Apple purposely slows down its older model iPhones to coincide with device releases and to boost sales of new models.
Police pepper-sprayed a double amputee and removed his prosthetic legs during a June 21, 2020, protest against police brutality in Columbus, Ohio. 
Thirty-nine missing children were found in a double-wide trailer in the state of Georgia.
Elephants think of humans as "cute," in the same manner that humans think of kittens or puppies.
The Obama administration provided a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China.
Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden once said he had "no empathy" for the plight of younger people. 
Costco toilet paper damages septic tanks.
A recent international investigation resulted in the shutting down of an online pedophilia forum with some 70,000 members worldwide.
During World War Two, singer Edith Piaf helped 120 prisoners of war escape from Nazi camps by fabricating phoney identity cards for them.
Former Vice President Joe Biden's great-great-great grandfather owned a 14-year-old Black slave in 1850. 
Martial arts star Jet Li is in frail health, as shown in a recent photograph.
Dawn dish soap contains ammonia even though it's not listed as an ingredient, and when mixed with Clorox bleach products, the results could be lethal.
In 2018 or 2019, an Alabama court ordered a rape survivor named Jessica Stallings to allow her rapist to visit the children who were born to them. 
Goodwill offered free clothing, blankets and toiletries to anyone fleeing the November 2018 California wildfires, throughout the state.
The U.S. Congress passed the 22nd Amendment in order to "make sure President Franklin D. Roosevelt did not get re-elected."
Another man was responsible for the assault that Christine Blasey Ford described as being perpetrated by Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
Amazon employees "earn so little they qualify for food stamps."
Washington state Sen. Maureen Walsh said nurses "play cards for a considerable amount of the day." 
In the mid-1990s, a film studio executive proposed casting Julia Roberts as the abolitionist former slave Harriet Tubman.
Former President Barack Obama's administration was to blame for the shortage of protective equipment like N95 respirator masks in the early months of the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic.
Roger Stone was an "aide" or an "adviser" to 37th U.S. President Richard Nixon.
Visitors to prisons in Virginia are prohibited from wearing tampons or menstrual cups.
U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order in July 2020 that will lower the price Americans pay for insulin to "pennies a day."
Walmart is selling 'satanic' items.
A November 2019 Trump administration proposal would end Social Security disability payments for thousands of recipients.
A decision by the Justice Department under the Obama administration forced the FBI to purge the names of 500,000 fugitives from justice from the background check database for firearms purchases.
NFL players did not stand for the national anthem until the Defense Dept. started paying the league to stage patriotic displays in 2009.
Electric car manufacturers rely on child labor to extract cobalt for their car batteries. 
Amazon's Alexa randomly plays a "creepy laugh."
An Arizona family preparing for a swim found several rattlesnakes hiding inside two pool noodles stored near their home.
A photograph shows a giant snake found by a plumber investigating a clogged pipe. 
In June 2017, President Donald Trump canceled federal protections for whales and sea turtles
An "elderly man" was beaten while trying to protect a sundress-wearing man from being attacked.
On 1 September 2017, a new law will come into force in Texas, making it harder for consumers to get paid for property insurance claims related to weather.
Donald Trump "bankrupted" a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt.
An X-ray shows hundreds of bubble tea pearls inside a teenage girl's stomach. 
A Black man was charged in North Carolina in the killing of Cannon Hinnant, a 5-year-old white boy, and except for Fox News, mainstream news media outlets purposely ignored it to further a predetermined racial narrative.
Magnus Söderlund proposed or advocated eating human flesh as a solution to climate change in remarks he made on Sept. 3, 2019.
U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez wore a $7,600 ensemble to the State of the Union address.
Several cities have started to use "silent fireworks" in order to make the shows more enjoyable for children, pets, and people with PTSD.
Roy Moore accuser Beverly Young Nelson "forged" Moore's signature and inscription in her high school yearbook.
U.S. Postmaster General Louis DeJoy, a political ally to U.S. President Donald Trump, ordered Postal Service carriers to "slow the mail down" to help Trump win the 2020 presidential election.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York recently received a little-publicized $71,000 pay raise that made him the highest paid governor in the U.S.
Michelle Obama's book "Becoming" sold more copies in its first week than Donald Trump's "The Art of the Deal" did in 32 years. 
The NFL gave Donald Trump a "lifetime ban" after he was involved in a disastrous lawsuit against the league.
Tanzania President John Magufuli secretly sent specimens from a fruit, quail, and goat to a lab testing for the COVID-19 coronavirus disease in humans — and the results came back positive. 
Of the 154 mass shootings recorded in the U.S. in 2018 through 28 June, none of them were perpetrated by black men, undocumented immigrants, or women.
A VA hospital removed military flags in order to fly a LGBTQ pride flag.
Tomi Lahren said that watching children being hit with tear gas "was the highlight” of her Thanksgiving weekend.
UPS lost a family's $846,000 inheritance check but would only refund them the $32 shipping fee.
