A photograph shows a large species of megabat.
In 2019, Lenawee County threatened to demolish the homes of several Amish families unless the families brought them into compliance with health codes. 
The U.S. government "subsidizes" medications for erectile dysfunction.
A meme documents contradictory statements about the value of enhanced police presence offered by Kamala Harris.
Transgender prisoner Karen White (formerly Stephen Wood) of West Yorkshire, England, who confessed to committing multiple rapes as a man, sexually assaulted female inmates after being transferred to a women's jail.
Controlled blasting was used near Native American burial sites during the the construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall in Arizona's Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
As of April 25, 2020, the rate of people dying from the COVID-19 coronavirus disease in New York City was at least 250 times "higher" than Tokyo's — and growing with time.
In talking to journalists, U.S. President Donald Trump used some notes to himself written in Sharpie pen that said, in part, "I want nothing."
A video shows an augmented reality (AR) dragon flying over a baseball stadium.
Instructors at a Virginia middle school did not allow a transgender student to take shelter during a drill simulating how to hide from a school shooter.
Photographs show a severely earthquake-damaged road in Alaska that was repaired in just a few days. 
U.S. President Donald Trump called U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., a loser. 
North Carolina admitted that a voter ID law was at least partly enacted in response to African-American voting tendencies that went against conservative interests.
A crowdfunding campaign on the Christian site GiveSendGo solicited donations to help Kyle Rittenhouse, a 17-year-old accused of killing two people at a protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders compared Baltimore to a "third world country."
In 1994, a 17-year-old Eagle Scout built a nuclear reactor in his mother’s backyard, an act that ultimately necessitated a Superfund cleanup.
Researchers detected cocaine in multiple, freshwater-shrimp samples across the U.K. 
President Trump gave a talk during the COVID-19 pandemic in which he remonstrated about showers and dishwashers not functioning properly due to low-flow standards.
"Child sex doll" products were briefly available via Amazon in March 2019.
Beto O'Rourke was in a band called the El Paso Pussycats and was arrested at least twice in the 1990s. 
The National Association of Police Organizations called on its members to boycott Nike after the company announced a commercial deal with Colin Kaepernick.
Jack and Rosie Riddle were photographed in 1948 accepting a radio from a group of Ku Klux Klan members.
A photograph shows a statue of Christopher Columbus that was "beheaded."
Joe Biden once said that Roe v. Wade — the U.S. Supreme Court case that protects a pregnant woman's freedom to choose whether to have an abortion — went too far.
U.S. President Barack Obama authorized more than 500 drone strikes.
Did Mike Pompeo declare, "We will continue to fight these battles. It is a never-ending struggle ... until the Rapture."
U.S. actor Tom Hanks is related to "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" host Fred Rogers. 
The Trump Administration’s policies have halted a research effort seeking a cure for HIV.
The Trump Administration is seeking to monitor social media posts of disability recipients.
In January 2020, the Food and Drug Administration approved a nasal spray containing cocaine. 
A photograph shows a white couple wearing "Blacks for Trump" T-shirts.
Mandalay Bay, the Las Vegas hotel from which a gunman opened fire on a concert crowd of 20,000, filed lawsuits against mass shooting victims.
U.S. President Donald Trump said he "tested very positively" for COVID-19, meaning his test results came back negative, and he did not have the coronavirus disease.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren listed her race as "American Indian" on her 1986 Texas State Bar registration card. 
A photograph shows five people atop a skyscraper spire. 
A Black Lives Matter organizer said, "I don't care if someone decides to loot."
The "Report on the Investigation Into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election" documents President Donald Trump's reaction to the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller: "This is the end of my presidency, I'm fucked."
President Trump congratulated the wrong state for the Chiefs' 2020 Super Bowl win.
Democratic Florida State Representative Kimberly Daniels once said, "I thank God for slavery."
El Paso County Sheriff Richard Wiles wrote a viral piece of text about the August 2019 mass shooting in El Paso, Texas.
In January 2020, officials in the state of South Australia announced a plan to cull around 10,000 feral camels in response to concerns over public safety and environmental resources.
On June 5, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump stated during a talk about employment numbers that it was a "great day" for George Floyd, a black man who was killed May 25 after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck.
On 15 October 2018, Jefferson County officials stopped a bus filled with seniors from a county-run senior center from going to vote.
A pair of photographs shows a severely dehydrated homeless veteran on the streets of Los Angeles.
A video shows a chicken being hypnotized by holding its head down and "drawing" a line in the sand extending from its beak. 
A TEDx speaker gave a talk that referred to pedophilia as an 'unchangeable sexual orientation.'
Some visitors to Joshua Tree National Park cut down trees and perpetrated other acts of vandalism in January 2019 while staff, whose numbers were diminished due to the federal government shutdown, attempted to monitor visitor behavior. 
Some grocery store receipts contain chemicals linked to infertility and hormone-related cancers.
Children in immigration court do not have the right to free, court-appointed attorneys.
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted an image of his own head edited onto the body of the character Rocky Balboa from the "Rocky" series of movies.
The Paradise Adventist Academy in California received around $13,000 in donations as well as new uniforms and clothes from an opponent in a game played shortly after their hometown was destroyed by the Camp Fire.
More than 100 whales are trapped in an underwater 'jail.'
U.S. President Donald Trump's name will appear on COVID-19 stimulus checks. 
Right-wing commentator Bill Mitchell tweeted "someone let me know" when 55,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 coronavirus disease.
The macaw species from the “Rio” movies has been declared extinct in the wild. 
A passage from a speech JFK was supposed to deliver on the day he was assassinated stated that "our duty as a party is not to our party alone, but to the Nation, and, indeed, to all mankind."
Melinda Gates said Black people should be first in line, after health care workers, to be vaccinated against COVID-19.
The Irish Times newspaper published a column by Fintan O’Toole expressing "pity" for the United States over U.S. President Donald Trump's leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic.
During protests following the police shooting of Jacob Blake in Kenosha, Wisconsin, a Kenosha facility run by the state Department of Corrections was set on fire and completely destroyed.
A photograph shows an African child on display in a "human zoo" at the 1958 World's Fair in Brussels, Belgium.
A video taken at a George Floyd protest in Denver on the night of May 29, 2020 shows police officers firing pepper balls at a car after the driver told them the passenger was pregnant. 
The Chinese government is building a hospital in 10 days to deal with the new coronavirus.
In February 2018, a pride of lions killed and ate a man suspected of being a poacher near Kruger National Park in South Africa.
The reelection campaign for U.S. President Donald Trump required attendees reserving tickets for a June 20, 2020, rally in Tulsa to agree they will not sue the campaign or event organizers should they be exposed to COVID-19 at the event.
A newly discovered species of amphibian was named "Dermophis donaldtrumpi" as an unflattering reference to the U.S. President.
U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden asserted during a speech that “poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.”
In 2005, Senator Barack Obama expressed his opposition to "undetected, undocumented, unchecked" immigration.
